Inbox Robot - News Retrieval Service for Research Professionals


This is a service of

a digital news provider















Home
About
Make a Newsletter



About EIN
Services
Publications
Submit News

Contact







Streamline your news research.
            Have the news that matches your needs delivered directly to you.
          

Used by leading journalists and analysts in both governments and industries worldwide, the Inbox Robot is designed to save you critical time and money in organizing breaking news from all corners of the world.
It's time to upgrade your news management with the power of a world leader in news search indexing technology.
Get a free trial today!







(For tips on choosing keywords click here...)









        © 2005-2011 IPD Group, Inc. All Right Reserved.
        User Agreement
        |
        Privacy Policy
        |
        Press Releases
        |
        Submit news
        |
        Contact



COMPANY BACKGROUND

About EIN News
            Established in 1995, EIN News began by supplying business professionals and individuals with relevant and interesting news products. It has grown to become the largest digital news provider in Europe.
          

Member List
            See the partial member list and join a community of professionals from private industry, institutions, and governments that rely on EIN as a critical source for research, breaking news and media services.
          


NEWS SERVICES

News Publications
            In-depth geopolitical and industry specific news coverage aggregated from 35,000 online outlets. Updated every 15 minutes.
          

News Alerts
            Receive a free selection of the day's top stories hand picked by EIN News editors.
          

Newsfeed Maker
            Integrate customized newsfeeds in any format covering all industry and geopolitical topics, updated every 15 minutes.
          

EIN Presswire
            Upload press releases to the EIN network and have them submitted to journalists and decision-makers worldwide.
          

EIN Events
            Add trade events to the World Trade Shows & Business Conferences Directory. They will be shown to the people you want to reach.
          

Inbox Robot
            Customized newsletters delivered by e-mail. Search a news index monitoring thousands of trusted media sources.
          

EIN Marketplace
            Designed to help small businesses tap into the EIN News audience of industry professionals.
          


ALL NEWS PUBLICATIONS


EIN News
              provides breaking news coverage on the following topics:
            









