

Floods Leave 16 Dead, 4 Missing
























--- SEARCH ---

 



























































WEATHER





CHINA





INTERNATIONAL





BUSINESS





CULTURE





GOVERNMENT





SCI-TECH





ENVIRONMENT





 
                    SPORTS





 
                    LIFE





 
                    PEOPLE





TRAVEL





WEEKLY REVIEW




















Learning 
                        Chinese 










Learn 
                        to Cook Chinese Dishes










Exchange 
Rates 










Hotel 
                        Service










China Calendar



















Hot Links




-----Media-----
Xinhua 
                News
Agency
People's 
                Daily
China Daily
China Radio
International
Beijing Review
China Today
China 
                Pictorial
People's China
El Popola Cinio
Chinese Literature
Other 
                web sites













China Development 
              Gateway 


Chinese Embassies














Find Suppliers
Alibaba Directory 
Trade Leads
Product Directory 
China Products 
Gold Suppliers
Hot Products
Hot Buys
New Products 
Country Search
Trade Shows



























 





 









Floods Leave 16 Dead, 4 Missing




 




Floods of the Yellow River's biggest tributary of Weihe and Yangtze River's biggest tributary of Hanjiang have left 16 dead and four others missing, local officials said Wednesday. 
 
According to the Shaanxi Provincial Bureau of Civil Affairs, the floods and mud slides they triggered have affected 4.61 million local residents, destroying 79,800 hectares of crops and pulling down 39,200 houses, with direct economic losses estimated at 1.94 billion yuan (US$239 million) in the province. 
 
The flood also damaged railway, highway, cable lines and irrigation infrastructures. 
 
A total of 359,200 people have been evacuated, the bureau said. 
 
Continued heavy rains from September 24 to October 2 caused the biggest flood in 10 years along the lower reaches of the Weihe River.
 
The peak on Tuesday at Huaxian County's observation station along the Weihe River was 4,820 cubic meters per second. 
 
The Xiaolangdi Reservoir, a major water conservancy and irrigation facility on the Yellow River, has been used since Sunday to conserve floodwater. Industry insiders were optimistic about flood prevention for the lower reaches of the river.
 
Weather forecasters said the rain will stop in southern parts of Shaanxi and western parts of central China's Henan Province, where the Yellow River passes through.
 
Meanwhile, a lot of water in the Hanjiang River is adding to its middle and lower reaches so water levels keep rising, according to the Hubei Provincial Flood Control Headquarters. 
 
Compared with previous floods, high water level volume has continued for longer, sources said. 
 
There was still the possibility of flooding along Hanjiang yesterday, according to Luo Qingquan, governor of Hubei Province. 
 
Luo urged localities there to keep a close eye on water levels and take necessary measures such as sending adequate manpower to patrol riverbanks during the autumn flood season, Xinhua reported yesterday.
 
By 8 AM yesterday, the water levels monitored at Huangzhuang, Xiantao and Hanchuan hydrological stations rose, respectively, to 47.02, 33.75 and 28.2 meters, up by 1.02, 3.08 and 2.81 meters from Tuesday.
 
The water level at the Xiangyang station was 67.19 meters, a drop of 0.07 meters from Tuesday, but still 0.19 meters above the danger line. And the water level at Yicheng station was 57.95 meters, 0.45 meters higher than the danger line.
 
Hanjiang originates from Shaanxi Province. It flows southeastwardly through the central part of Hubei and joins the mighty Yangtze River at Wuhan, capital of Hubei.
 
(Xinhua News Agency, China Daily October 6, 2005)
 






 
 
 
 












 








 
 




Flood Is Serious in Hanjiang River










13,000 People Evacuated in Hubei Province












 
 














 
 




Fighting China's Floods












 
 













 








Print 
                  This Page

|


Email 
                  This Page














 



About 
            Us
SiteMap
Feedback
















Copyright © China Internet 
      Information Center.   All Rights Reserved
      E-mail: webmaster@china.org.cn 
         Tel: 86-10-68326688


  

