BBC News - China hits out at US deal on Taiwan F-16 fighters









          BBC Accessibility links  Skip to content Skip to local navigation Skip to bbc.co.uk navigation Skip to bbc.co.uk search Help Accessibility Help   




Asia-Pacific







Home
US & Canada
Latin America
UK
Africa
Asia-Pac
Europe
Mid-East
South Asia
Business
Health
Sci/Environment
Tech
Entertainment
Video



















22 September 2011
Last updated at 10:37 ET


Share this page


Delicious


Digg


Facebook


reddit


StumbleUpon


Twitter


Email


Print





China hits out at US deal on Taiwan F-16 fighters


The US says it will upgrade Taiwan's existing fleet of F-16 fighters


Continue reading the main story Related Stories

Taiwan sweats on US arms sales
Sino-US arms race?
Country profile: Taiwan


China has reacted angrily to a US deal to upgrade Taiwan's ageing fleet of US-built F-16 fighter planes. 
Vice-Foreign Minister Zhang Zhijun said the $5.85bn (3.77bn) deal would "inevitably undermine bilateral relations", including military and security co-operation. 
He also summoned US Ambassador Gary Locke to protest against the deal. 
China traditionally reacts strongly to US military co-operation with Taiwan, which it considers its territory. 
Last year, when the US sold missiles and other hardware to Taiwan, China suspended military exchanges with the US. 
Correspondents say harsh words from China were expected, but it remains to be seen whether it takes any action to show its displeasure. 
Zhu Feng, professor of international relations at Peking University, told the BBC he believed the Chinese reaction was aimed at a domestic audience.   
"China's grandstanding gesture  - with very little action - is an attempt to avoid giving Chinese people the impression that despite the US's ongoing arm sales to Taiwan, the authorities are not responding in a robust manner," he said. 
Some future bilateral military exchanges could be postponed as a result, but the US-China relationship would not suffer long-term damage, he said. 
'Must cancel'
The US deal, revealed on Wednesday, falls short of what Taiwan had requested. 

Continue reading the main story Analysis


Cindy Sui
BBC News, Taipei



The US decision, though widely expected, still came as a disappointment for Taiwan. 
Despite improved relations between Taiwan and China, Beijing continues to build up its military strength. And that build-up is widely seen as targeted at Taiwan, to warn the island it still claims as its province against becoming formally independent.
Analysts say Washington has become reluctant to sell Taiwan big-ticket items in recent years, for fear of angering Beijing. The US needs China's co-operation on many issues - from trade, to North Korea and buying US bonds to deal with its debt.
Washington faces a tough balancing act trying to juggle its relationship with China and its commitment to help its longtime ally Taiwan defend itself.

 The announcement suggests the US will not now sell Taiwan a newer generation of F-16 fighters, as Taipei had hoped. It will instead upgrade its older-generation F-16 fleet.  
US officials said the F-16 A/B fighters will undergo a retrofit which will bring them up to the same standards as the more advanced C/D models.
Mr Zhang called on Washington to "immediately cancel the wrong decision".
China's defence ministry, meanwhile, said that the US action had "caused serious damage to Sino-US military relations".
But Taiwanese officials appeared to welcome the news. 
"After the upgrade, the air force's combat capability will be advanced hugely," Taiwanese Defence Minister Kao Hua-chu said at a press conference in Taipei.
The defence ministry said Taiwan remained under threat from China's military expansion.
"Improving our defence capability is a crucial... measure to sustain regional security and stable development across the strait," it said in a statement.   
Taiwan also said it would continue its attempts to purchase more than 60 of the C/D planes, which are considered more of a match for China's latest war planes.
Taipei said that decision was still pending in the US and urged officials to agree to it.
Washington's decision will now pass to Congress for approval.
Some analysts say the decision to approve an upgrade - rather than provide more advanced fighters - is designed to appease Beijing, which had warned that relations would suffer if the sale went ahead.
In recent years China's military superiority over Taiwan has steadily increased, and the US is legally bound to help Taiwan defend itself under the Taiwan Relations Act passed in 1979.




More on This Story

Related Stories


Taiwan sweats on US arms sales
15 SEPTEMBER 2011, 
                        ASIA-PACIFIC


Sino-US arms race?
11 JANUARY 2011, 
                        ASIA-PACIFIC


Country profile: Taiwan
09 MARCH 2011, 
                        COUNTRY PROFILES


Taiwan 'grounds jets' after crash
14 SEPTEMBER 2011, 
                        ASIA-PACIFIC


Taiwan in live-fire missile tests
18 JANUARY 2011, 
                        ASIA-PACIFIC


China military 'closing key gaps'
25 AUGUST 2011, 
                        ASIA-PACIFIC










Share this page


Delicious


Digg


Facebook


reddit


StumbleUpon


Twitter


Email


Print
















More Asia-Pacific stories
RSS




Typhoon Roke moves across Japan

The powerful typhoon that hit Japan on Wednesday makes its way across the country, bringing floods, damage and deaths.



West 'should note Burma change'




Assange angry over memoir release












Top stories



Shares sink over growth worries


Pakistan 'supported' Kabul attack


Nasa refines satellite crash time


Lightspeed results baffle at Cern


Ex-Libya PM 'jailed in Tunisia'









Features & Analysis




Riding high Watch

The thrilling power and destructiveness of waves 	
				  




War on two fronts

The female veterans tormented by combat and sexual trauma 	
				  




Flour power

How to make a $16 muffin in your own home 	
				  




Ad Breakdown

What Perry's bombastic campaign film says about 2012 race 	
				  






Most Popular
Shared




1: Lightspeed results baffle at Cern



2: Nasa refines satellite crash time



3: Pakistan 'supported' Kabul attack



4: New images of falling satellite



5: France imposes first niqab fines



Read




1: Lightspeed results baffle at Cern



2: Nasa refines satellite crash time



3: Why Obama has turned towards Israel



4: New images of falling satellite



5: Pakistan 'supported' Kabul attack



6: X-ray reveals hidden Goya artwork



7: How to make a $16 muffin



8: Shares sink over growth worries



9: Female veterans tormented by combat and sexual trauma



10: Troy Davis is executed in Georgia



Video/Audio




1: New images of falling satellite Watch



2: Picture This: Waves Watch



3: Boat restaurant swept away in China Watch



4: Rick Perry: Obama is 'President Zero' Watch



5: Iran frees US hiker 'spies' Watch



6: 'He let himself into my room at night' Watch



7: Six tonne satellite tumbling to earth Watch



8: 'Poisoned' school meal kills children Watch



9: America's Cup race boats capsize Watch



10: Pakistan's tobacco chewing habit Watch












Elsewhere on the BBC 



Living In... San Francisco

BBC Travel's guide to dwelling in this tolerant, effervescent northern Californian city 















Programmes



Fast Track Watch

The latest travel gadgets, including a suitcase you can dance with and then sit on to get your breath back
















Services

News feeds
Mobile
Podcasts
Alerts
E-mail news



About BBC News

Editors' blog
BBC College of Journalism
News sources
World Service Trust




  Mobile      Search term:     bbc.co.uk navigation  News Sport Weather  Travel  TV Radio More       CBBC CBeebies Comedy Food Health   History Learning Music Science Nature   Local Northern Ireland Scotland Wales Full A-Z of BBC sites        BBC links   About the BBC   BBC Help   Contact Us   Accessibility Help   Terms of Use   Careers   Privacy & Cookies   Advertise With Us   Ad Choices     BBC  2011 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so.  




































  







