

Typhoon Leaves 9 Dead, 1 Missing in Zhejiang
























--- SEARCH ---

 



























































WEATHER





CHINA





INTERNATIONAL





BUSINESS





CULTURE





GOVERNMENT





SCI-TECH





ENVIRONMENT





 
                    SPORTS





 
                    LIFE





 
                    PEOPLE





TRAVEL





WEEKLY REVIEW




















Learning 
                        Chinese 










Learn 
                        to Cook Chinese Dishes










Exchange 
Rates 










Hotel 
                        Service










China Calendar



















Hot Links




-----Media-----
Xinhua 
                News
Agency
People's 
                Daily
China Daily
China Radio
International
Beijing Review
China Today
China 
                Pictorial
People's China
El Popola Cinio
Chinese Literature
Other 
                web sites













China Development 
              Gateway 


Chinese Embassies














Find Suppliers
Alibaba Directory 
Trade Leads
Product Directory 
China Products 
Gold Suppliers
Hot Products
Hot Buys
New Products 
Country Search
Trade Shows



























 





 









Typhoon Leaves 9 Dead, 1 Missing in Zhejiang




 





Nine people were killed and one left missing in the eastern province of Zhejiang after this year's fifteenth typhoon hit yesterday, local government sources said on Monday. 
Named Khanun, the Thai word for jackfruit, the typhoon forced the provincial government to call 37,625 ships back to harbor.
Total economic losses have been estimated at 6.89 billion yuan (US$849 million), according to officials from the provincial flood control and drought relief headquarters. 
As of 6:00 AM today, Khanun battered four cities, 29 counties and 357 towns in the province, affecting 5.11 million people. Strong winds and rainstorms destroyed 7,468 houses and damaged water facilities and cropland, said the headquarters. 
Meteorologists described it as the strongest typhoon to hit China this year, bringing force 12 gales over eight hours, and the province reported rainfall of over 400 mm at three observation stations. 
The provincial government has already evacuated more than one million people and there have been blackouts in some parts.    The provincial observatory forecast that the center of the typhoon, which has been moving northwestward at 25 km per hour, was expected to bore into neighboring Jiangsu Province early today.     The municipality of Shanghai has also evacuated 100,000 people and its observatory upgraded its typhoon emergency warning from yellow to red. 
From 6 to 8 PM yesterday, 116 flights were suspended in Shanghai's Pudong and Hongqiao airports, and today all its middle schools, primary schools and kindergartens were closed for the first time as strong torrential rains were expected. 
As for Anhui, another neighboring province, downpours were expected in some parts, and flood and landslide warnings issued for mountainous and river areas. Rainfall was forecast to continue till Wednesday.









(Xinhua News Agency September 12, 2005)






 
 
 
 












 








 
 




Typhoon Khanun Slams into E. China City










Typhoon Khanun Expected to Hit Fujian










Death Toll Rises to 63 in Typhoon-hit Anhui










Typhoon Nabi to Affect East China










Typhoon Talim Leaves 95 Dead, 30 Missing










Typhoon Talim Leaves a Trail of Devastation










Taiwan, Fujian, Zhejiang Brace for Typhoon Talim












 
 














 
 




Disaster Prevention & Relief












 
 













 








Print 
                  This Page

|


Email 
                  This Page














 



About 
            Us
SiteMap
Feedback
















Copyright © China Internet 
      Information Center.   All Rights Reserved
      E-mail: webmaster@china.org.cn 
         Tel: 86-10-68326688


  

