China denounces U.S. arms deal for Taiwan - The Washington Post











Print Subscription


Conversations
Today's Paper






Going Out Guide




Jobs




Cars




Real Estate




Rentals




Classifieds







Home


Politics





Campaign 2012
			


Congress
			


Courts &
				Law


The Fed Page


Health Care








				Polling
			


White House
			


Who Runs Gov


Blogs & Columns





Top Blogs

The Fix | Chris Cillizza
2chambers | Felicia Sonmez
Federal Eye | Ed O’Keefe
Fact Checker | Glenn Kessler
















Opinions





All Opinions


PostPartisan


Left-Leaning


Right-Leaning


Toles
				Cartoons
			








				Telnaes
				Animations


Local


Columnist Index












Local





DC: 
Politics
| News


MD: 
Politics
| Communities


VA: 
Politics
| Communities


Crime
			


Education
			







On Faith/Local
			


Obituaries
			


Traffic & Commuting
			


Weather
			


Blogs & Columns
			


The Root DC
			





Top Blogs

State of NoVa | A year after tragedy, she’s running again
On Parenting | What not to say to a single parent
D.C. Wire | @DCFireEMS returns to Twitter
Capital Weather Gang | Join our Weather Watchers









Sports






				Redskins/NFL



				Capitals/NHL


Wizards/NBA


Nationals/MLB



				DC United/Soccer








				Colleges


AllMetSports


Other Sports


Blogs & Columns





Top Blogs

Capitals Insider| Katie Carrera
Nationals Journal| Adam Kilgore
Soccer Insider| Steven Goff
The Insider| Mike Jones









National





Corrections


Energy & Environment


Health & Science


Higher Education


National Security







On Faith
			


On Leadership


Innovations


Blogs & Columns





Top Blogs

Ideas@Innovations
Post Leadership
Under God
Checkpoint Washington









World





Africa
			


The
				Americas


Asia &
				Pacific


Europe
			


Middle East
			







National Security


War Zones
			


Special Reports


Checkpoint Washington












Business






				Economy
			


Industries


Local Business


Markets


Policy
				&
				Regulation







Technology
			


World
				Business


Blogs & Columns


Innovations


Special Reports





Top Blogs

Wonkblog | Ezra Klein
Post Tech | Cecilia Kang
Faster Forward
Political Economy









Investigations
















Lifestyle





Advice
			


Carolyn Hax
			


Food
			


Home & Garden
			


Style
			







Travel
			


Weddings
			


Wellness
			


Magazine


KidsPost





Top Blogs

On Parenting | Janice D’Arcy
Arts Post | Jacqueline Trescott
The Checkup | Jennifer LaRue Huget & Rob Stein
All We Can Eat | Food section









Entertainment





Books


Celebrities


Comics
			


Going Out Guide


Horoscopes







Movies


Museums
			


Puzzles
			


Theater & Dance


TV
			





Top Blogs

Reliable Source | Roxanne Roberts & Amy Argetsinger
TV Column | Lisa de Moraes
Celebritology | Jen Chaney
Click Track | Chris Richards & David Malitz









Multimedia





Innovations



				Photos
			



				Videos
			



























The Washington Post
Foreign Policy
The Washington Post














Africa
			
The
				Americas
Asia &
				Pacific
Europe
			
Middle East
			
National Security
War Zones
			
Special Reports
Checkpoint Washington





In the News


Facebook changes


Autumnal equinox


Stock markets


Ted Haggard


Carl Lewis
























???initialComments:true! pubdate:09/22/2011 00:29 EDT! commentPeriod:3! commentEndDate:9/25/11 12:29 EDT! currentDate:9/22/11 4:9 EDT! allowComments:true! displayComments:true!





China denounces U.S. arms deal for Taiwan





Text Size

Print
E-mail
Reprints












						By  Keith B. Richburg, 







BEIJING — China on Thursday angrily demanded the Obama administration cancel its plans to upgrade Taiwan’s aging fleet of F-16 fighter jets, warning that the decision will harm U.S.-China ties overall and military cooperation between the two countries.
A statement Thursday on the Chinese foreign ministry’s website, and an article on the website of Xinhua, the official news agency here, said China’s Vice Foreign Minister Zhang Zhijun summoned U.S. Ambassador Gary Locke to lodge a “strong protest.”  Xinhua said China’s ambassador in Washington, Zhang Yesui, also lodged a protest.




 Loading...

Comments


Weigh In
Corrections?




















More on this Story

U.S. offer to Taiwan doesn’t include new fighter jets
U.S. announces details of arms package for Taiwan
Transcript: Post's interview with Taiwan’s president
U.S. sells weapons to Taiwan, angering China 

View all Items in this Story

More headlines from around the world
Taiwan finds bodies of 3 pilots killed in military plane crash 
China gives muted response to U.S.-Taiwan arms deal
China denounces U.S. arms deal for Taiwan











“The wrongdoing by the U.S. side will inevitably undermine bilateral relations as well as exchanges and cooperation in military and security areas,” Zhang Zhijun reportedly told Locke, according to the Xinhua report.“China strongly urges the United States to be fully aware of the high sensitivity and serious harm of the issue, seriously treat the solemn stance of China, honor its commitment and immediately cancel the wrong decision,” the vice foreign minister told Locke, according to the report.“The new round of U.S. arms sales to Taiwan, no matter in what excuses and reasons, cannot hide the intention of interfering in China's internal affairs and will send very wrong signals to the ‘Taiwan independence’ secessionist forces, and will severely disturb the momentum of peaceful development in cross-Strait relations,” the vice foreign minister said.China’s official reaction came the day after the Obama administration formally notified Congress on Wednesday of a plan, worth $5.8 billion, to upgrade Taiwan’s 145 F-16 A/B fighter jets, rejecting, for now, the island’s request to purchase 66 more sophisticated F-16 C/Ds.Last year, when the U.S. approved a separate arms package for Taiwan worth $6.4 billion, Beijing reacted by temporarily suspending military exchanges with Washington.  Those military ties were only fully restored in January, when then-Defense Secretary Robert Gates traveled to China and met his counterpart Liang Guanglie, ahead of an official visit to Washington by Chinese President Hu Jintao.At the time, Gates and Liang told reporters that military ties between the U.S. and China should not be affected by politics.From Thursday’s tough language, it was unclear whether military ties once again would be affected by the U.S. agreeing to sell — or in this case, upgrade — weapons for Taiwan’s defense.China did not immediately announce any retaliatory measures, other than Vice Foreign Minister Zhang’s warning that “exchanges and cooperation in military and security areas” would be harmed.Some experts believed that this time, relations should not suffer as a result of the arms deal, despite Beijing’s official protests.“The arms sale will affect the bilateral relationship a little bit because China feels that they are not respected enough by the U.S.,” said Chu Shulong, a professor at the Institute of International Studies at Tsinghua University. “But it will have a minor influence, and won’t have impact on the military ties, like last time. There won’t be any direct effect on the Sino-U.S. relationship because of the arms sale this time.”The first reason, Chu said, was because the size of the arms package was carefully calibrated, and did not include the new fighters.  “This is the best decision the Obama administration can make for the U.S. to balance the interests of all sides — Taiwan, the mainland and the domestic politics — although none of the sides will be fully satisfied,” he said.Second, Chu said, China had a chance to learn of the decision beforehand, perhaps during Vice President Joseph R. Biden Jr.’s visit in August.  “So China feels they are more respected than in the past,” Chu said.
Washington Post researcher Zhang Jie in Beijing contributed to this report.






















EmailTumblr
Reddit
Stumbleupon
Digg
Delicious
















Weigh In

Discussion Policy


About Discussions, Badges


 


 








Newest first


Oldest first


Most Recommended first












SuperFan
SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams.
If your comments or those of another user measure up, please let Post editors know.
Get a badgeNominate someone for a badge


Culture Connoisseur
Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment.
If your comments or those of another user measure up, please let Post editors know.
Get a badgeNominate someone for a badge


Fact Checker
Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker.
If your comments or those of another user measure up, please let Post editors know.
Get a badgeNominate someone for a badge


Washingtologist
Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area.
If your comments or those of another user measure up, please let Post editors know.
Get a badgeNominate someone for a badge


Post Writer
This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer.


Post Forum
Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs.
If your comments or those of another user measure up, please let Post editors know.
Get a badgeNominate someone for a badge


World Watcher
World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs.
If your comments or those of another user measure up, please let Post editors know.
Get a badgeNominate someone for a badge


Post Recommended
Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post.


You must be logged in to report a comment.
Sign in here


You must be logged in to recommend a comment.
Sign in here


Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
More about badgesGet a badge

To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused".  If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.



Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.




+ SHARE THIS DEBATE























The Post MostMost-viewed stories, videos, and galleries in the past two hours



Most Popular

In tropical paradise, U.S. drones meant revenue
Incomes fall in Montgomery and Fairfax counties
Our surreal debate over taxing the rich
Jilted long ago, but still waiting for a happy ending
China denounces U.S. arms deal for Taiwan





Top Videos

Emperor penguin born naked; survives
Arrington on Post Sports Live: 'What I see is a different team'
R.E.M. breaks up after three decades
Kaplan Says HP's Board Should `Get Its Act Together'
Fact Checker: GOP candidates' repeated 'facts'





Top Galleries

Forbes list of the richest Americans of 2011
Countdown to a Georgia execution
Pip Pip, Hooray!
Rain unearths dinosaur bone in Laurel
Inside Mexico's drug war





Today's Paper






Full Paper
Metro
Style
Sports

Updated newspaper stories





Network News      
   				Hide this






Most Popular
Friends' Activity
Most Popular
Most Tweeted
Twitter Activity





Most Popular Right Now






Your Friends’ Most Recent Activity



















Follow The Post:
Facebook
Twitter
View More Activity




Live Discussions




Ask now


Fact checking the GOP debate
Live Q&A, Friday, Noon ETGlenn Kessler fact checks the candidates in the Sept. 22 GOP debate. 



 




11:00 AM

Sports talk with Tracee Hamilton



11:45 AM

Video: Color of Money -- Live Video with Michelle Singletary






Earlier Today




11:00 AM

Annie Selke, founder and designer of the Dash & Albert and Pine Cone Hill companies, joined the weekly chat.



12:00 PM

Republicans and public prayer? Lisa Miller talks religion



12:00 PM

Parenting advice: Help for raising children of all ages



12:00 PM

Color of Money Live



1:00 PM

Got Plans? Discuss great ideas for local entertainment, dates and family fun.



1:00 PM

Adrian Higgins gives advice on grooming your garden in the fall



1:00 PM

Should the death penalty get the ax?



2:00 PM

Celebritology Live: Scarlett Johansson's photos, Michaele Salahi's 'kidnapping', and more.







Weekly schedule, past shows




Featured Reads

Political Economy
Where Washington meets big business.



PostPartisan
Quick takes by The Post’s opinion writers



Class Struggle
What’s right and wrong about the nation’s schools


See more featured items








Post Newsletters & Alerts
Sign-up for e-mail newsletters and alerts and get the news you need delivered directly to your inbox.
 




Politics News & Analysis
The Most




Today's Headlines & Columnists
Today's Opinions








See all Washington Post Newsletters























Featured Advertiser LinksOil Spill, Mesothelioma Class Action, Fosamax Fracture, Asbestos & Veterans , Actos Bladder Cancer>>Topamax Side Effects, Mesothelioma Treatment, Yaz Blood Clot, Asbestos cancer, Actos, Mesothelioma Symptoms>>Join Pres. Obama. It's time to do it again.>>Are you in? Join Barack Obama's campaign now.>>Help Pres. Obama keep moving America forward.>>Join the 2012 campaign at BarackObama.com>>Looking to buy a home? Visit TWP Real Estate section for the latest open houses.>>Make Your Vanguard Investing More Profitable - Free Research Report Reveals Best & Worst Funds>>






























Top world Stories
			

People Also Read
			

Most Popular Videos





















China denounces U.S. arms deal for Taiwan
Keith B. Richburg 
					


US, other nations walk out as Iranian leader delivers fiercely anti-American speech
Associated Press 
					


U.S. assembling secret drone bases in Africa, Arabian Peninsula, officials say
Craig Whitlock; Greg Miller 
					


Palestinians rally to back U.N. statehood bid
Joel Greenberg 
					




U.S. sharpens warning to Pakistan
Karen Deyoung 
					


For new commanders in Afghanistan, a fine balance
Kevin Sieff 
					


After Afghan slaying, a sense of helplessness
Ernesto Londo 
					


Thirteen dead or missing as typhoon makes landfall in Japan
Chico Harlan 
					




U.S. announces details of planned arms package for Taiwan
William Wan 
					


U.S. hikers Bauer and Fattal are freed by Iran, arrive in Oman
Thomas Erdbrink 
					


NATO extends Libyan campaign for up to 90 days
Reuters 
					


35 bodies dumped in Mexican city as president begins effort to woo tourists
William Booth 
					




Despite Beijing’s heated words, little fallout seen from US arms sale to Taiwan
Associated Press 
					


Iran frees American hikers after two years
Thomas Erdbrink; Ian Shapira 
					


Pope urges Germans not to ignore religion, warns parliament not to sacrifice ethics for power
Associated Press 
					





































Ways you can get us

Mobile
Apps
Newsletter & alerts
RSS
Post Store
Facebook
Photo Store
Twitter
Washington Post Live



The Washington Post

About Us
Work for us
Community Relations
PostPoints
Corrections/Suggestions
Archive
Contact the Ombudsman
Report a problem



Web site

Make us your homepage
Digital Guidelines
Ask The Post

Newspaper

Subscribe
Home delivery service
e-Replica
Reprints



Advertise

In the newspaper
On the web site
Mobile
Events

The Washington Post Company

Post Company web sites



Partners

Slate
Who Runs Gov
Express Night Out
Captial Business
El Tiempo Latino
The Root
Foreign Policy
Trove


Post Tickets
Capitol Deal
Service Alley
Post Master Class
WP Live
Student Advisor College Reviews



© 1996- The Washington Post
User Agreement and Privacy Policy
Rights and Permissions


Help
Contact Us
Ad Choices















