

Anti-flood Spur on Both Banks of Shenzhen
























--- SEARCH ---

 



























































WEATHER





CHINA





INTERNATIONAL





BUSINESS





CULTURE





GOVERNMENT





SCI-TECH





ENVIRONMENT





 
                    SPORTS





 
                    LIFE





 
                    PEOPLE





TRAVEL





WEEKLY REVIEW




















Learning 
                        Chinese 










Learn 
                        to Cook Chinese Dishes










Exchange 
Rates 










Hotel 
                        Service










China Calendar



















Hot Links




-----Media-----
Xinhua 
                News
Agency
People's 
                Daily
China Daily
China Radio
International
Beijing Review
China Today
China 
                Pictorial
People's China
El Popola Cinio
Chinese Literature
Other 
                web sites













China Development 
              Gateway 


Chinese Embassies













Alibaba Directory
Alibaba China
China Suppliers

























 





 









Anti-flood Spur on Both Banks of Shenzhen




 





Improvement works, being carried out by teams from Hong Kong and Guangdong, will greatly ease the flooding problem on both sides of the Shenzhen River when it is completed next year.
SAR Director of Drainage Services Lai Fuk-kan said this to visiting Shenzhen Mayor Xu Zongheng -- who was in Hong Kong for a three-day visit -- during a tour of the Stonecutters Island Sewage Treatment Works yesterday.
Lai said his department had been working closely with Shenzhen authorities on the improvement works of Shenzhen River regulation project in recent years. 
He expected that flooding on both sides of the river would be "substantially alleviated" after completion of the third stage of the regulation project.
Moving on to discuss the sewage issue, Lai said: "We are dedicated to implementing the Harbor Area Treatment Scheme Stage Two and improving the sewerage systems in other areas, to protect the water quality of the harbor and other surrounding waters." 
"By early next year, Hong Kong's first tertiary sewage treatment works at Ngong Ping, Lantau, will be fully operational and the treated effluent from the plant will be used as flushing water in nearby public toilets as a pilot scheme for the development of reclaimed water." 
Joining the tour were the head of Hong Kong Guangdong Cooperation Coordination Unit Ho Kin-wah; and Director of Hong Kong Economic and Trade Office in Guangdong Leung Pak-yan.
The Stonecutters Island Sewage Treatment Works is now treating some 1.4 million cubic meters per day, half of the sewage generated by the Hong Kong population.
Xu and other members of the Shenzhen government visited Cyberport yesterday morning. Led by the Secretary for Commerce, Industry and Technology John Tsang, the Shenzhen delegation toured around various facilities at Cyberport, including the Hong Kong Wireless Development Centre, the Digital Media Center and an advanced digital entertainment company. 
Xu will visit the Hong Kong Planning and Infrastructure Exhibition Gallery in Central today.
(China Daily September 7, 2005)







 
 
 
 












 








 
 






 
 














 
 






 
 













 





Print 
            This Page
 |

Email 
            This Page











 



About 
            Us
SiteMap
Feedback
















Copyright © China Internet 
      Information Center.   All Rights Reserved
      E-mail: webmaster@china.org.cn 
         Tel: 86-10-68326688






