The Washington Post: National, World & D.C. Area News and Headlines - The Washington Post









Follow Us:
			Facebook
Twitter




Print Subscription


Conversations
Today's Paper






Going Out Guide




Jobs




Cars




Real Estate




Rentals




Classifieds







Home


Politics





Campaign 2012
			


Congress
			


Courts &
				Law


The Fed Page


Health Care








				Polling
			


White House
			


Who Runs Gov


Blogs & Columns





Top Blogs

The Fix | Chris Cillizza
2chambers | Felicia Sonmez
Federal Eye | Ed O’Keefe
Fact Checker | Glenn Kessler
















Opinions





All Opinions


PostPartisan


Left-Leaning


Right-Leaning


Toles
				Cartoons
			








				Telnaes
				Animations


Local


Columnist Index












Local





DC: 
Politics
| News


MD: 
Politics
| Communities


VA: 
Politics
| Communities


Crime
			


Education
			







On Faith/Local
			


Obituaries
			


Traffic & Commuting
			


Weather
			


Blogs & Columns
			


The Root DC
			





Top Blogs

State of NoVa | A year after tragedy, she’s running again
On Parenting | What not to say to a single parent
D.C. Wire | @DCFireEMS returns to Twitter
Capital Weather Gang | Join our Weather Watchers









Sports






				Redskins/NFL



				Capitals/NHL


Wizards/NBA


Nationals/MLB



				DC United/Soccer








				Colleges


AllMetSports


Other Sports


Blogs & Columns





Top Blogs

Capitals Insider| Katie Carrera
Nationals Journal| Adam Kilgore
Soccer Insider| Steven Goff
The Insider| Mike Jones









National





Corrections


Energy & Environment


Health & Science


Higher Education


National Security







On Faith
			


On Leadership


Innovations


Blogs & Columns





Top Blogs

Ideas@Innovations
Post Leadership
Under God
Checkpoint Washington









World





Africa
			


The
				Americas


Asia &
				Pacific


Europe
			


Middle East
			







National Security


War Zones
			


Special Reports


Checkpoint Washington












Business






				Economy
			


Industries


Local Business


Markets


Policy
				&
				Regulation







Technology
			


World
				Business


Blogs & Columns


Innovations


Special Reports





Top Blogs

Wonkblog | Ezra Klein
Post Tech | Cecilia Kang
Faster Forward
Political Economy









Investigations
















Lifestyle





Advice
			


Carolyn Hax
			


Food
			


Home & Garden
			


Style
			







Travel
			


Weddings
			


Wellness
			


Magazine


KidsPost





Top Blogs

On Parenting | Janice D’Arcy
Arts Post | Jacqueline Trescott
The Checkup | Jennifer LaRue Huget & Rob Stein
All We Can Eat | Food section









Entertainment





Books


Celebrities


Comics
			


Going Out Guide


Horoscopes







Movies


Museums
			


Puzzles
			


Theater & Dance


TV
			





Top Blogs

Reliable Source | Roxanne Roberts & Amy Argetsinger
TV Column | Lisa de Moraes
Celebritology | Jen Chaney
Click Track | Chris Richards & David Malitz









Multimedia





Innovations



				Photos
			



				Videos
			



























The Washington Post

















Personalize




The Washington Post















|
In the News


Facebook changes


Autumnal equinox


Stock markets


Ted Haggard


Carl Lewis




































Market losses accelerate on Fed outlook

			 Neil Irwin, Michael Birnbaum and Sarah Halzack The major U.S. stock indexes are all down sharply — at one point by more than 4 percent — as investors react to a dour outlook on the U.S. economy from the Federal Reserve and fear for the fate of European banks. 
700+ comments: Weigh in on the latest market turmoil










(Getty Images)
Despite spending bill loss, Boehner says ‘no threat’ of a shutdown
				 Rosalind S. Helderman 
Speaker says House Republicans’ opposition to bill because it includes too much spending strengthens Democrats’ hands who want to spend even more.
130+ comments: Weigh in on the House vote

Wonkbook: Why the surprise that the vote failed?

Obama touts jobs bill on Republicans’ turf




Report: Meg Whitman to lead HP



				 Hayley Tsukayama 
FASTER FORWARD | Former head of eBay to replace Leo Apotheker as CEO of Hewlett-Packard.





‘Facts’ you’ll hear at the GOP debate



				 Glenn Kessler 
FACT CHECKER | Many claims likely heard tonight — on the economy, healthcare — are repeat offenders.


The Fix: What to watch for in tonight’s showdown

Rick Perry tones down rhetoric to court big donors

Debate coach is Bachmann campaign’s bedrock




Zuckerberg: Facebook redesign offers ‘new way to express who you are’



				 Hayley Tsukayama 
New “Timeline” is reminiscent of an online scrapbook, with photos and text users have shared over years.


Editors’ Note: Introducing Social Reader




Unresolved debate after execution



				 Associated Press 
The execution of Georgia inmate Troy Davis has done little to resolve the debate over his guilt.


270+ comments: Weigh in on the execution

Counting down to a Georgia execution

Opinion | Parker: Why wasn’t doubt enough?








Market Watch



DJIA
-3.51%
S&P 500
-3.19%
NASDAQ
-3.25%




Get Quote




 Last Update: 
		     		04:08 PM 09/22/2011




Pakistan supported attack last week on U.S. Embassy in Kabul, Mullen says



				 Karen DeYoung 
Top U.S. military officer calls Haqqani network a strategic arm of Pakistan’s intelligence agency.


190+ comments: Weigh in with your thoughts

Commanders in Afghanistan strike fine balance

Mullen, Panetta slam Pakistan over attacks




Opinions
For Perry, tonight’s debate critical



				 Marc A. Thiessen 
He needs to take the offensive against Romney.


Rubin: Romney must defend health care record

Petri: Why the GOP debates have to stop now

Milbank: Ron Paul is winning the GOP primary

Sargent: Pundits ignore popularity of taxing rich

Dionne: Socialism saved GM and Chrysler

Will: Obstructing voters’ right to recall

Toles cartoon: The D.C. council fears cuts
More Opinions

More Headlines
Iranian leader’s U.N. speech prompts walkout 
$16 muffins prompt government-wide review 
D.C. Council privately discusses its behavior 
Who’s the richest American on Forbes list? 
Afghan assassin  used fake recording 
Rare view of TransCanada pipeline lobbying effort 
Libya’s U.S. Embassy reopens in Tripoli 
In tropical paradise, U.S. drones mean revenue 
China denounces U.S. arms deal for Taiwan 



Incomes fall in wealthy counties



				 Carol Morello and Ted Mellnik 
Median household incomes in Montgomery, Fairfax are lower now than a decade ago, census says.


230+ comments: Your thoughts on falling incomes

Interactive: How does your pay compare?








				Columns and Blogs





Countdown to death



				 Kathleen Parker 
For Troy Davis, a little doubt wasn’t enough. 


Lane: Troy Davis — guilty as charged






 Erik Wemple 
Small paper takes on Amazon
 Jonathan Capehart 
Obama’s bad polls
 Carolyn Hax 
Tell me about it





Featured Photo Galleries














Day in photos
The pope begins his visit to Germany, Troy Davis is executed, Iran releases hikers and more.


Eye on entertainment
Zoe Saldana, Mick Jagger, Paris Hilton, Kim Kardashian and other celebrities.


‘The X Factor’
The singing competition kicks off its first night.


Who’s the richest American on Forbes list?
For the 18th straight year, Bill Gates tops Forbes’s list of the wealthiest Americans.




Zooey Deschanel
The actress and lead singer of the band She & Him is starring in Fox’s sitcom “New Girl.”


‘Dancing with the Stars’ season 13
A look at the performances from the first night.


Typhoon bears down on Japan
Thousands are warned to leave the path of Typhoon Roke.


Putting their heads together to fund cancer research
Mothers of children with cancer shaved their heads.




Counting down to a Georgia execution
Supporters appeal to the Supreme Court to halt execution of Troy Davis.


Americans jailed in Iran are released
Iran freed two American hikers who had been jailed for more than two years.


R.E.M. breaks up
R.E.M. is calling it quits after almost three decades.


Chastity/Chaz Bono: Then and now
Images of the child of Sonny Bono and Cher.




NFL power rankings Week 2
Assessing the top teams. Packers still on top, Patriots closing in.


Pip Pip, Hooray!
Pippa Middleton, sister of Britain’s Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge.


London Fashion Week
Highlights from the Spring/Summer 2012 runway shows.


Photos: Witness Politics
Go down the rabbit hole with Post photographer Melina Mara for a view of Capitol Hill.






Featured Videos


















Video: Fact Checker: GOP candidates' repeated 'facts'

The Washington Post's Glenn Kessler fact reviews Michele Bachmann, Mitt Romney and Ron Paul's statements made during previous GOP debates--ones that may be repeated in Thursday night's debate. (Sept. 22)







Fast Fix - Fighting to be a frontrunner
Mitt Romney and Rick Perry will be trying to stabilize their status as GOP frontrunners in the Orlando debate, but they'll be facing opposition from each other as well as the seven other republican hopefuls.



New video of Reno plane crash
The crash at the annual National Championship Air Races in Reno Friday was the nation's deadliest air racing disaster, with 11 confirmed dead after the exploding plane sprayed shrapnel into the crowd of spectators. (Sept. 21)



Freed American hikers' emotional arrival in Oman
Freed American hikers Shane Bauer and Josh Fattal reunite with their families in Oman after being held in Iranian custody for more than two years. (Sept. 21)





R.E.M. breaks up after three decades
On their official web site, R.E.M. said that it would be disbanding after more than 30 years together. Led by Michael Stipe, their hits include "Losing My Religion," "Everybody Hurts," and "It's The End Of The World As We Know It (And I Feel Fine)" among others. (Sept. 21)



Fast Fix - 'Woman' problem for Obama Administration?
A new book by Ron Suskind alleges that women have a tough time in the Obama White House.



Emperor penguin born naked; survives
An emperor penguin in China is born naked, without any fine hair, so specialists at an aquarium became its parents. Now, the animal's weight is healthy and it has grown a pelt. It will soon join other penguins. (Sept. 20)





Post Sports Live: Dallas Week
The Washington Post's Mike Jones joins LaVar Arrington, Dan Steinberg and host Jonathan Forsythe to talk Dallas week as the undefeated Redskins head down to face their rivals on Monday Night Football.



Obama: World will stand with post-Gaddafi Libya
President Barack Obama promised the Libyan people that the world will stand with them as they reshape their country following the fall of Moammar Gaddafi's regime. (Sept. 20)



Yemen street battles continue
Escalating battles between opponents of Yemen's regime and forces loyal to its embattled president were spreading Tuesday, the third day of street clashes. A wounded TV cameraman remained hospitalized in a coma in Sanaa. (Sept. 20)





Rangel accidentally attends Rick Perry event
Rep. Charlie Rangel (D-N.Y.) said on Monday he had no idea he was entering an event for Gov. Rick Perry (R-Texas) at a Harlem restaurant. (Sept. 19)



Backstage at the Emmy Awards
Backstage at the Primetime Emmy Awards, winners talk about their awards and reflect on some of the evening's highlights. (Sept. 19)



A mother's hope for home
Brandon Fletcher, 14, spent the summer at Children's Hospital recovering from a second bone marrow transplant. His mother, Danielle, learned to value the meaning of home while waiting for him to return.











				Featured Discussions





Live Q&A transcriptShould the death penalty get the ax?



				 Michael Radelet 
Should we kill the death penalty? Capital punishment expert Michael Radelet thinks so. 


Full chat schedule




Hax-PhilesSo broke it’s breaking the home



				 Carolyn Hax 
A reader’s husband has devastated their finances and she doesn’t know how she can live with him.


More conversations






				On Issues





What do kids think of gender roles?



				 On Parenting 
In a survey by Highlights magazine, kids said boys were best at playing sports while girls were best at fashion and makeup.


More from On Parenting






 On Leadership 
Want angry Netflix customers to give you a break?
 Innovations 
What if Washington had a Klout score?
 On Faith 
Atheism on the upswing in America





Editor's Choice














Digging into prehistory
Rain revealed a curious fossil at Laurel’s Dinosaur Park, a rich hunting ground for 150 years. 


The Flay way to lose weight
Famed chef Bobby Flay, who recently dropped more than 10 pounds, shares diet tips.


‘In the Hive’ sets the scene
Director Robert Townsend and actress Vivica A. Fox drop in at Duke Ellington School of Arts.




Amid scandal, keeping faith
Author Jason Berry says he’s still a faithful Catholic, despite years investigating misdeeds.


Female staffers frozen out?
Women depict a testosterone-driven White House, according to a new book.


From high school to Arsenal
Walter Johnson freshman has plans to play with the storied English club in two years.




Activist lands ‘genius’ grant
Marie-Therese Connolly fights elder abuse and wants to place the problem in the spotlight.


An uncomfortable spotlight
A Va. mosque with links to alleged terrorism cases works to change its image.


Pedaling out of poverty
Andean mountains are perfect training ground for Colombian boys with big dreams.




Hunger for life
Even when they’re apart, a Md. teen and his family are united in struggle against a rare disorder. 


Bachmann’s debate coach quietly becomes her campaign’s bedrock
More than a message man, Brett O’Donnell may be most potent force on the GOP candidate’s campaign.


What TV tells us about women
REVIEW | The fall lineup is all bunnies, baby dolls and broads, giggles and jiggles.






PoliticsGOP contenders refocus efforts in Iowa


			 Amy Gardner and Philip Rucker Texas Gov. Rick Perry’s quick rise to the top of the GOP presidential field has caused his top competitors — like Rep. Michele Bachmann — to focus more of their efforts in Iowa.
The Fix: Is Obama an underdog in 2012?

Live Q&A, noon ET: Lisa Miller on the GOP and public prayer

Read more on PostPolitics



(Steve Pope / GETTY IMAGES)



Elsewhere on washingtonpost.com


Federal Government



Federal Eye: FEMA funding in limbo


Federal Diary: SES diversity still lacking


Lobbyist’s clients, Perry donors overlap







Local



Maryland raises tolls statewide


A year after tragedy, running again


Tysons Corner  housing plan advances







Lifestyle & Entertainment



Brad Pitt: Lessons learned from Aniston remark


Sneak peek: ‘The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo’


TV Review: ‘Charlie’s Angels’ just a lousy retread







Sports



Nats turn the tables on Phillies


Hunter knows how to fight fairly


Capitals do everything in their power







World



After Afghan slaying, a sense of helplessness


35 bodies dumped in Mexican tourist town


Typhoon hits Japan; 13 dead or missing







Business & Technology



AT&T gets small wins in antitrust hearing


Google’s chairman denies monopolistic tactics


Microsoft reinvents itself with Windows 8






Diversions














Comics


Crosswords


Horoscopes


Sudoku




Kakuro


PlayFour


TV listings


Crickler









Entertainment NewsWhat is R.E.M.’s greatest hit?



				 Click Track 
In light of the legendary band’s break-up, we parse their catalogue for the biggest tunes. 





‘X Factor’ makes debut on Fox



				 Lisa de Moraes 
New singing competition comes across as  ‘American Idol’ produced by Andrew Lloyd Webber. 







LifestyleDaphne Guinness exhibit opens at FIT



				 Cara Kelly 
Guinness co-curated a display of her wardrobe, including 10-inch platform heels, for the FIT museum.





A table by the window, please



				 Terri Sapienza 
A designer makes a dining room a focal point of the house with fresh paint, furniture and accessories. 







Special Reports














Muslims in America
Examining the struggle to reconcile their American identity with their faith.


Redistricting 2011
Exploring the changing electoral landscape after the 2010 Census 


Recession Road
Photographer Michael S. Williamson travels the nation to meet those affected by the recession.


Civil War 150
Washington Post special coverage of anniversary of the American Civil War.


Get ready for a work workout
These motion graphics walk you through exercises; would you do them in the office?


Campaign 2012
Campaign and election news & analysis from The Washington Post


The Age of 9/11
Reflections presented as a multimedia report broken down by age.


Outlook’s 5 myths
Writers break down what you think you know about gas prices, the suburbs, Lincoln and more.




Million-Dollar Wasteland
Ongoing Washington Post investigation into how HUD has mismanaged affordable housing.


States of play
KIDSPOST | See if you can use the map to guess which state answers the following clues.


The hidden life of guns
An in-depth investigation into how guns move through American society, from store counter to crime scene.


Gaddafi spokesman rejects Libyan rebels’ ultimatum for surrender


“No dignified honorable nation would accept an ultimatum from armed gangs,” spokesman says.


Top Secret America
The Post explores the top secret world the government created in response to the attacks of Sept. 11.


The Royal Wedding
Prince William and Kate Middleton exchange vows at Westminster Abbey as the world watches.


The Fact Checker
Glenn Kessler “truth squads” the statements of political figures regarding important issues.


The Hunt
Inside the search for Osama bin Laden, which required new tactics and lasted almost 10 years.



















The Post MostMost-viewed stories, videos, and galleries in the past two hours



Most Popular

In tropical paradise, U.S. drones meant revenue
Incomes fall in Montgomery and Fairfax counties
Our surreal debate over taxing the rich
Jilted long ago, but still waiting for a happy ending
China denounces U.S. arms deal for Taiwan





Top Videos

Emperor penguin born naked; survives
Arrington on Post Sports Live: 'What I see is a different team'
R.E.M. breaks up after three decades
Kaplan Says HP's Board Should `Get Its Act Together'
Fact Checker: GOP candidates' repeated 'facts'





Top Galleries

Forbes list of the richest Americans of 2011
Countdown to a Georgia execution
Pip Pip, Hooray!
Rain unearths dinosaur bone in Laurel
Inside Mexico's drug war





Today's Paper






Full Paper
Metro
Style
Sports

Updated newspaper stories





Network News      
   				Hide this






Most Popular
Friends' Activity
Most Popular
Most Tweeted
Twitter Activity





Most Popular Right Now






Your Friends’ Most Recent Activity



















Follow The Post:
Facebook
Twitter
View More Activity




Live Discussions




Ask now


Fact checking the GOP debate
Live Q&A, Friday, Noon ETGlenn Kessler fact checks the candidates in the Sept. 22 GOP debate. 



 




11:00 AM

Sports talk with Tracee Hamilton



11:45 AM

Video: Color of Money -- Live Video with Michelle Singletary






Earlier Today




11:00 AM

Annie Selke, founder and designer of the Dash & Albert and Pine Cone Hill companies, joined the weekly chat.



12:00 PM

Republicans and public prayer? Lisa Miller talks religion



12:00 PM

Parenting advice: Help for raising children of all ages



12:00 PM

Color of Money Live



1:00 PM

Got Plans? Discuss great ideas for local entertainment, dates and family fun.



1:00 PM

Adrian Higgins gives advice on grooming your garden in the fall



1:00 PM

Should the death penalty get the ax?



2:00 PM

Celebritology Live: Scarlett Johansson's photos, Michaele Salahi's 'kidnapping', and more.







Weekly schedule, past shows




Featured Reads

Political Economy
Where Washington meets big business.



PostPartisan
Quick takes by The Post’s opinion writers



Class Struggle
What’s right and wrong about the nation’s schools


See more featured items








Post Newsletters & Alerts
Sign-up for e-mail newsletters and alerts and get the news you need delivered directly to your inbox.
 




Behind the Government Showdown
National News Alerts
Politics News & Analysis
Post Exclusives




The Most
Today's Headlines & Columnists
Today's Opinions








See all Washington Post Newsletters

















Featured Advertiser Links













































Ways you can get us

Mobile
Apps
Newsletter & alerts
RSS
Post Store
Facebook
Photo Store
Twitter
Washington Post Live



The Washington Post

About Us
Work for us
Community Relations
PostPoints
Corrections/Suggestions
Archive
Contact the Ombudsman
Report a problem



Web site

Make us your homepage
Digital Guidelines
Ask The Post

Newspaper

Subscribe
Home delivery service
e-Replica
Reprints



Advertise

In the newspaper
On the web site
Mobile
Events

The Washington Post Company

Post Company web sites



Partners

Slate
Who Runs Gov
Express Night Out
Captial Business
El Tiempo Latino
The Root
Foreign Policy
Trove


Post Tickets
Capitol Deal
Service Alley
Post Master Class
WP Live
Student Advisor College Reviews



© 1996- The Washington Post
User Agreement and Privacy Policy
Rights and Permissions


Help
Contact Us
Ad Choices
















