Business & Financial News, Breaking US & International News | Reuters.com






 Print

This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, use the Reprints tool at the top of any article or visit: www.reutersreprints.com.


China floods kill 44 in drought-hit provinces


Fri, Jun 10 2011
BEIJING (Reuters) - Torrential rain in two drought-stricken central China provinces triggered landslides and brought down houses, killing at least 44 people and leaving 33 missing, state media said on Friday.
The number of people evacuated from the city of Xianning in Hubei province rose to 100,000 by Friday evening, with thousands still stranded, official news agency Xinhua said.
Fierce downpours started on Thursday evening, causing landslides and destroying river embankments in parts of the city. Flood waters reached depths of more than 2 meters (6.5 ft) and 20 people were killed.
In the cities of Linxiang and Yueyang in nearby Hunan province, the death toll rose to 19 by late Friday, with another 28 still missing, Xinhua said.
The two provinces were among the worst hit by a severe drought in recent months that affected millions of hectares of farmland in central and southern China along the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze river.
Over the weekend, a tropical storm is forecast to hit two other provinces, Xinhua said.
The China Meteorological Administration said in a statement on its website (www.cma.gov.cn) that the storm, Sarika, is expected to make landfall near the city of Shantou in southeast China's Guangdong province then head north toward Fujian.
The storm may also affect shipping in the key Taiwan Strait, Xinhua said.
The drought damaged crops and exacerbated a power shortage by cutting power generation from dams, adding a slight bump to near three-year high consumer inflation.
The drought ended last weekend with the rains that have brought deadly floods, so far killing about 100 people in 12 provinces.
In eastern Jiangxi province, 1,200 people were stranded by floods after heavy rain fell on the northern part of the province on Thursday, China News Service said in a separate report.
(Reporting by Sally Huang and Michael Martina; Editing by Daniel Magnowski)


 Thomson Reuters 2011. All rights reserved. Users may download and print extracts of content from this website for their own personal and non-commercial use only. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters and its logo are registered trademarks or trademarks of the Thomson Reuters group of companies around the world.
Thomson Reuters journalists are subject to an Editorial Handbook which requires fair presentation and disclosure of relevant interests.
This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, use the Reprints tool at the top of any article or visit: www.reutersreprints.com.























