China floods kill 14, leave 53 missing - World - CBC News






Accessibility Links

Skip to main content
Skip to China floods kill 14, leave 53 missing
Skip to supplementary story content
Skip to related news content
Skip to CBC accessibility page




 







CBC Global Header Navigation


CBC.ca

News
news drop down menu


Sports
sports drop down menu


Radio
radio drop down menu


TV
tv drop down menu


My Region drop down menu
 


More drop down menu
 


Watch 
Watch drop down menu


Listen
Listen drop down menu



Search CBC.ca

Submit Search


Sign Up
Log In


 







CBC News World

Major StoriesIn The News

Japanese Typhoon
Spy stories
Crime in Canada
Vote Compass Ontario


CBC News Navigation
Home
World
Canada
Politics
Business
Health
Arts & Entertainment
Technology & Science
Community
Weather
Video

World
Photo Galleries




China floods kill 14, leave 53 missing


The Associated Press

Posted:

Jun  7, 2011   7:17 AM ET



Last Updated: 

Jun  7, 2011   3:35 PM ET



 
Accessibility Links






Related Story Content

Story Sharing Tools



Share with Add This
Print this story
E-mail this story







Related


Related Links

Natural disasters displaced 42 million in 2010








Accessibility Links


Beginning of Story Content
Rain-triggered floods in southwestern China have killed 14 people and left 53 others missing while destroying roads, bridges and thousands of homes, officials said Tuesday.  
The 14 deaths were reported in Guizhou province's Wangmo county, where 52 people were reported missing, state-run Xinhua News Agency reported, citing the provincial civil affairs authority. Another person was missing in the province's Luodian county.
 Acid spill contaminates Hangzhou water supply A toxic chemical spilled into a river that supplies drinking water to the scenic city of Hangzhou in eastern China, knocking out supplies to more than half a million people and creating a run on bottled water.
A tanker truck carrying 20 tonness of carbolic acid overturned late Saturday night. The chemical, also known as phenol, was washed by rain into the Xin'an River about 150 kilometres southwest of Hangzhou, the city said in a report on its website. 
The city said an emergency worker died, but did not say how. It said authorities temporarily shut down water plants and released extra water from nearby dams to dilute the spill, which affected the water supplies of at least 552,000 people in Hangzhou's suburbs. 
The concentration of carbolic acid near the accident site remained more than 900 times the safe drinking level as of late Monday, the report said.

Some 45,000 residents in worst-hit Wangmo county have been evacuated since flood waters inundated the area Monday, said Tang Quanshu of the county's flood prevention office. She said another 3,000 people were still stranded.
Meanwhile, the waters toppled 300 houses and left 2,400 submerged, while 5,500 hectares of farmland were under water, Tang said.  
Xinhua, citing county flood officials, reported that the flooding disrupted power and water supplies and telecommunications services in several towns in Wangmo county, which has a population of eight million. It said the floods destroyed roads and bridges and washed away more than 500 vehicles.  
About 6,000 students from four schools had to stay at home Tuesday, as their schools were rendered inaccessible by water, the county's education chief Yan Tie said according to Xinhua.  
Cao Zeying, principal of the county's No. 2 Primary School, said that flooding destroyed the school's 300-metre-long enclosure and submerged several classrooms, with waters on campus 1.6 metres deep on Monday.  
The provincial civil affairs bureau said floods have hit 14 cities and counties in Guizhou province since June 3, affecting 400,000 people, according to Xinhua. Rain is forecast through Thursday in most of the province.
© The Associated Press, 2011
Accessibility Links

Story Social Media

Story Tools


Report Typo
Send Feedback









Print this story
E-mail this story





Related News Content

Stay Connected with CBC News

Mobile
Facebook
Podcasts
Twitter
Alerts
Newsletter


Big Box Advertisement







Top News Headlines




UN delegations walk out of Ahmadinejad speech  

Delegations from about a dozen countries, including Canada, walked out of the UN General Assembly as Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad delivered a fiercely anti-American speech.    more »




TSX falls more than 500  

The Toronto Stock Exchange benchmark index fell more than 500 points Thursday as global markets traded sharply lower and investors reacted to a pessimistic outlook for the global economy. more »
MacKay defends use of military chopper 

Defence Minister Peter MacKay defended his use of a federal military search and rescue helicopter, saying it was for work, rather than for personal use, while vacationing in central Newfoundland.   more »
'Pre-riotous behaviour' worried B.C. liquor officials  

Liquor licensing officials noted "pre-riotous behaviour" three days before the final game of the Stanley Cup final, according to documents released by the B.C. government in response to a Freedom of Information request. more »
Loonie plunges below 97 cents US  

The Canadian dollar has fallen more than two cents to 96.83 US, as nervous investors flock to the relative safety of the U.S. dollar. more »

More Headlines »




Most Recent


Watch
Listen





Show previous slide





Show next slide




Show previous slide





Show next slide





Latest World News Headlines




UN delegations walk out of Ahmadinejad speech  

Delegations from about a dozen countries, including Canada, walked out of the UN General Assembly as Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad delivered a fiercely anti-American speech.    more »




Gadhafi's former prime minister arrested 

Moammar Gadhafi's former prime minister has been arrested in Tunisia, officials said, as Libya's new rulers and NATO warned the fugitive leader and his loyalists that they are running out of places to hide. more »
Veiled woman seeks French presidency 

Kenza Drider declares her candidacy for the French presidency on Thursday and shows off a campaign poster of herself, hidden by a veil and standing in front of a line of police. more »
U.S. dodges Somali militants in aid transactions

The United States is using a controversial money-transfer system to deliver aid directly to Somali famine victims and keep it out of the hands of the militant group al-Shabab.  more »
Falling satellite chunks will miss North America 

An old satellite set to fall to Earth in pieces will do so on Friday afternoon ET, but won't be over North America when it comes down, NASA says. more »

More Headlines »




Dispatches »

In Haiti, Connie Watson and the army next door Sep. 22, 2011  3:36 PM CBC's Connie Watson found her neighbours in Port-au-Prince to be a lively bunch of uprooted families. Their pigs and goats were no problem.  Nor was the skinny dog she inherited. Then new forces moved in. And we thought Haiti doesn't have a national army!  



Connect Newsroom Blog
Davis Executed, Markets Plunge & Stolen Identity Sep. 22, 2011  3:18 PM We're looking at the enduring popularity of capital punishment: 64 percent of Americans support it.  Tonight - one supporter makes the case for the death penalty.



Google Ads











Show previous slide

Don't Miss



Japan typhoon
Japan slammed by typhoon
Typhoon Roke hit Tokyo on Sept. 21




UNITED NATIONS
FAQs: Canada, U.S. oppose Palestinian UN bid
Palestinians to seek full membership at UN




DAVID COMMON
How Palestinian UN strategies may play out
The upcoming Palestinian statehood vote has UN diplomats scrambling




Reno air show 
Vintage plane careens out of control, killing 10





MAP + CHART
Tracking killer chronic diseases
'A public health emergency in slow motion': WHO




Emmy Awards
Highlights from the 63rd Emmy Awards
Primetime television awards hit Los Angeles Sept. 18




Pakistan floods
Monsoon rains leave thousands homeless
Government struggles to cope with disaster




Animal Deaths
Animal deaths in captivity
Zoo and aquarium animals whose deaths have captured the public eye 




NEIL MACDONALD
Palestine: the end of revolutionary road
UN to vote on whether to give Palestinians the status of member state




GREENPEACE
Turning media spectacle into action
Organization draws attention to almost every environmental issue conceivable




Joe Schlesinger
Slovakia's turnaround and European bailouts
Slovaks learning what it takes to be part of European community




KENNEDY TAPES
Jacqueline Kennedy: In her own words
Newly released audiotapes offer insight into first lady's life



Show next slide




CBC Global Footer Navigation


CBC.ca


Aboriginal
Books
Contests
Digital Archives
Documentaries
Kids
Kids' CBC Preschool


Kids' CBC Wonder World
News
Parents
Program Guide
Radio
Sports
Television


CBC Member Centre
CBC Player
CBC Shop



Corporate

About CBC
Jobs
Visit the Canadian Broadcasting Centre
Production Facilities
Mobile Production Rentals
Ombudsman
CBC: Get the Facts


Independent Producers
Pitch a Radio or Audio Program
Program and Content Sales
Archive Sales
Educational Sales
Tapes, Transcripts and Image Assets
Digital TV




Stay Connected

Mobile
RSS
Podcasts

Member Services:Newsletters & Alerts




CBC Links

Terms Of Use
Reuse & Permissions
Advertise
Privacy

Site Map
Contact Us

CBC Radio-Canada

Copyright © CBC 2011

cbc.radio-canada.ca
cbc.ca
radio-canada.ca











