132 dead in southern China floods; thousands evacuated - USATODAY.com




CarsAuto 
  FinancingEvent 
  TicketsJobsReal 
  EstateOnline 
  DegreesBusiness Opportunities 
Shopping



SearchHow do I find it?Subscribe to paper




Home
News
Travel
Money
Sports
Life
Tech
Weather







  Weather 
  Weather Now

  U.S. Forecasts 
  Int'l Forecasts 
  Daily Highs and Lows 


  Maps

  Current Weather 
  Radar 
  Satellite 
  Precipitation 
  Temperatures 
  Thunderstorms 
  Alerts


  Storm Center

  Weather/Climate Science

  Weather and Climate Science Home 
  Climate Change 
  Hurricanes 
  Tornadoes 
  Thunderstorms 
  Lightning 
  Floods and Droughts 
  Winter Weather 
  Climatology 


  Photo Galleries

  Reader submitted photos 
 This week in weather 



  Interactive Graphics

  Atmospheric optics 
  El Nino / La Nina 
  Fall foliage 
  Global warming 
  Hurricanes 
  Lake-effect snow 
  Lake freezing
  Lightning 
  Natural disasters
  Tornadoes 
  Winter storms

















Find a forecast:



























































132 dead in southern China floods; thousands evacuated




Updated |Comment |Recommend 
E-mail | Print | 



















Enlarge
AP





A man on a raft Thursday in a flooded section of downtown Guilin, in southern China.












BEIJING (AP)   Major rivers burst their banks in southern China, triggering massive floods that have killed 132 people and forced 860,000 to flee their homes, the government said Sunday. With dozens missing and more storms forecast, the death toll was expected to rise.
More than 10 million people have been affected since torrential rains began June 13, including those who have been injured, stranded or have suffered property losses, the Ministry of Water Resources said in a news release.
While the death toll was up from 90 on Saturday, the number of evacuees was lower than the previous day's figure of 1.4 million. Another 86 people are still missing.
China sustains major flooding annually along the mighty Yangtze and other major rivers, but this year's floods have been especially heavy, spreading across nine provinces and regions in the south and along the eastern coast.
Thousands of houses have been destroyed and economic losses have topped 14 billion yuan, the ministry said.

More thunderstorms were forecast from Sunday afternoon into Monday, according to the official meteorological bureau.
State broadcaster CCTV aired images of rescues performed by boat, truck and helicopter.
Waters have surged past safe levels in dozens of rivers, including the Pearl River in the heart of China's industrial powerhouse of Guangdong. The strong storms have collapsed reservoirs, overflowed rivers, caused landslides and power outages and damaged highways.
The flooding follows the worst drought in a century for the southern provinces and regions of Yunnan, Guizhou and Guangxi. It left millions without drinking water and destroyed more than 12 million acres of crops.
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.












Posted 


Updated 



E-mail | Print | 






To report corrections and clarifications, contact Standards Editor Brent Jones. For publication consideration in the newspaper, send comments to letters@usatoday.com. Include name, phone number, city and state for verification. To view our corrections, go to corrections.usatoday.com.


Guidelines: You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil.  Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent.  Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. Read more.









Newspaper Home Delivery - Subscribe Today




Home  News  Travel  Money  Sports  Life  Tech  Weather 






About USATODAY.com: Site Map | FAQ
 | Contact Us | Jobs with Us | Terms of Service
Privacy Policy/Your California Privacy Right | Advertise | Press Room | Developer | Media Lounge | Reprints and Permissions


News Your Way:

Mobile News |

Email News |

Add USATODAY.com RSS feeds |

Twitter |

Podcasts |

Widgets

Partners: USA WEEKEND | Sports Weekly | Education | Space.com | Travel Tips





Copyright 2011 USA TODAY, a division of Gannett Co. Inc.


















