Massive flooding in China; over 550 thousand evacuated - Wikinews, the free news source










Massive flooding in China; over 550 thousand evacuated




From Wikinews, the free news source you can write!






					Jump to: navigation,
					search



Saturday, June 18, 2011

China
Other stories from China


11 July 2011: China's consumer prices rise to a three-year high in June as food prices soar 14.4 percent
7 July 2011: Bahamas become fourth country to ban shark fishing
3 July 2011: Philippine Foreign Secretary Del Rosario to visit China amid South China Sea territorial dispute
28 June 2011: Chinese political dissident Hu Jia freed as Chinese Premier Wen visits Britain
27 June 2011: Chinese premier Wen Jiabao visits Shakespeare's birthplace


...More articles here
Location of China



To write, edit, start or view other articles on China, see the China Portal








The course of the Yangtze River, China's largest, from north to south.
Image: File Upload Bot (Magnus Manske)..


Heavy June rainfall has forced China to evacuate more than 550,000 people from their homes. Massive floods have devastated the central and southern parts of the country, causing rivers to overflow their banks and triggering mudslides. The rains follow the worst drought in China in over 50 years, which has decimated crop yields.



Since June 13, the damage caused by the rainstorms has led to ... the emergency evacuation of 671,200 people to safety.




China's Ministry of Civil Affairs



Overall, 40 rivers have risen above safe limits, stressing dykes and dams including those on China's largest waterway, the Yangtze River, which is flooding downstream while experiencing a severe drought near its source in the north.
China's disaster level has been raised to four, the highest on the scale. In a statement on its website on Friday, China's Ministry of Civil Affairs said, "Since June 13, the damage caused by the rainstorms has led to ... the emergency evacuation of 671,200 people to safety."
The current round of heavy rains began in early June. Since then, more than a million and a half people have been displaced in the central and southern regions of the country and at least 168 deaths have been reported. Meteorologists in Beijing are predicting more heavy rain in Sichuan, Guizhou, and Zhejiang this weekend.



[R]escue boats cannot go through those narrow lanes inside the village. A lot of them depend on their relatives rowing small wooden boats to get to them... It is hard to help these people inside there.




Chinese villager



The government has mobilized its forces to aid in the massive evacuations. According to Reuters, local authorities are distributing a box of instant noodles and a carton of bottled water to those affected by the flood. But villagers have reported that survival is difficult, especially for those still trapped by the flood waters in small villages, and distribution of aid is slow, with some not receiving any.
A villager was quoted by Reuters: "To be frank, those rescue boats cannot go through those narrow lanes inside the village. A lot of them depend on their relatives rowing small wooden boats to get to them... It is hard to help these people inside there." Another villager, Shou Pengfei said, "Some did not even get any relief items. There is no electricity and you get bitten by mosquitoes all the time."



Some did not even get any relief items. There is no electricity and you get bitten by mosquitoes all the time.




Shou Pengfei, A Chinese villager



According to the Beijing Climate Centre, weather trends have shifted drastically. Currently the rain is coming in shorter but fiercer bursts, with protracted periods of drought in between the torrential rain.




Three Gorges Dam on the Yangtze in 2009.
Image: Rehman.


The heavy rainfall is not likely to reduce the crop failure caused by months of drought, especially in the north, the heart of China's grain-growing bread basket, where many rivers have dried up. According to reports, the northern countryside has been left devastated by the droughts. Huge dams hundreds of meters wide are now small, muddy pools. Large cities such as Beijing are draining the underground water sources and China is facing a long-term water crisis.
Meanwhile, China is engaged in a huge multi-year engineering project designed to move water to the parched north and away from the flooded south. The North-South water project is a massive series of canals and pipes designed to carry water from the Yangtze and Yellow rivers to Beijing.
It is likely, analysts predict, that Chinese crop shortages will increase food prices worldwide. Even before the latest flooding, the severe drought in the north caused a shortfall in China's crop yields that will likely affect the price of wheat and may propel a price increase in global markets.



Have an opinion on this story? Post it!


[edit] Related news

"Poverty rises as food prices increase"  Wikinews, April 17, 2011
"Typhoon kills two in southern China"  Wikinews, July 23, 2010
"China: Heavy flooding displaces over a million, kills dozens"  Wikinews, June 14, 2010
"Death toll from China rainstorm reaches 65"  Wikinews, May 8, 2010
"22 killed as heavy rain hits Panzhihua, China"  Wikinews, July 28, 2009
"Scores dead, thousands flee as flooding spreads across southern China"  Wikinews, June 15, 2008

[edit] Sources

"China raises flood alert to top level, 555,000 evacuated" Reuters, June 17, 2011
"Fatal floods hit China forcing over 500,000 to flee" BBC News, June 17, 2011
"Floods Wreak Havoc" Radio Free Asia, June 17, 2011
Jonathan Watts. "China evacuates 500,000 as flooding breaks worst drought in 50 years" The Guardian, June 17, 2011
Damian Grammaticas. "China drought worsens in parched north" BBC News Online, March 1, 2011

[edit] External links




Wikipedia has more about this subject:
2011 China floods






Wikipedia has more about this subject:
Water resources of the People's Republic of China








Share this:            








This page is archived, and is no longer publicly editable.
Articles presented on Wikinews reflect the specific time at which they were written and published, and do not attempt to encompass events or knowledge which occur or become known after their publication.
Got a correction? Add the template {{editprotected}} to the talk page along with your corrections, and it will be brought to the attention of the administrators.
Please note that due to our archival policy, we will not alter or update the content of articles that are archived, but will only accept requests to make grammatical and formatting corrections.
Note that some listed sources or external links may no longer be available online due to age.




Retrieved from "http://en.wikinews.org/wiki/Massive_flooding_in_China;_over_550_thousand_evacuated"


Categories: June 18, 2011 | China | Published | Archived | Floods | Disasters and accidents | AsiaHidden categories: Pages with defaulting non-local links | Pages with categorizable local links 


What do you think of this page?
Please take a moment to rate this page below. Your feedback is valuable and helps us improve our website.
Reliability:Excellent
High
Fair
Low
Poor
(unsure)

Completeness:Excellent
High
Fair
Low
Poor
(unsure)

Neutrality:Excellent
High
Fair
Low
Poor
(unsure)

Presentation:Excellent
High
Fair
Low
Poor
(unsure)



















Personal tools

Log in / create account






Namespaces

Article
Collaboration





Variants










Views

Read
View source
View history





Actions








Search



















Navigation


Main Page
Newsroom
Recent changes
Random article
Archives
Free use media upload






Wikinews


Help
Write an article
Water cooler
Style guide
Live chat
World News Quiz
Donate
Contact us








Regions


Africa
Asia
Central America
Europe
Middle East
North America
Oceania
South America






In other languages


 / Srpski






Print/export

Create a bookDownload as PDFPrintable version 




Toolbox


What links here
Related changes
Special pages
Permanent link
Page rating 








 This page was last modified on 25 June 2011, at 00:16.

All text created after September 25, 2005 is available under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 2.5 License unless otherwise specified. Contributions must be attributed to Wikinews. Copyright terms on images may vary, please check individual image pages prior to duplication. Wikinews, and the Wikinews logo are registered trademarks of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc.Wikinews is not responsible for the content of external sites.





Privacy policy
About Wikinews
Disclaimers
Mobile view


















 


 