China: Floods claim 57 lives - GlobalPost.com







Global Economy: 7 Deadly Stories
Innovation, Inc.
Powerland
 
 
 





Search this site: 








RSS












 
 






 
 









Home
Video
GlobalPost Blogs
Special Reports
Mission
Research
Members










 
 






Regions
Business & Tech
War
Politics
Culture & Lifestyle
Offbeat
Photo Galleries
Opinion
Green
Health


 
 




Africa
Americas
Asia-Pacific
Europe
Middle East


 
 



Skip to Content Skip to Navigation







 
 





China: floods leave 57 dead 
 








China: floods leave 57 dead 



Flooding aross China has claimed 57 lives as more than a million people are evacuated from their homes.




News DeskSeptember 20, 2011 06:40


PrintEmailTweet




In this picture taken on September 19, 2011, a rescue team evacuates a family trapped in Guangan in southwest China's Sichuan province. (STR/AFP/Getty Images)


Flooding across China has claimed 57 lives as more than a million people are evacuated from their homes.

Heavy record rains for more than a week have swamped several provinces in northern, central and southwest China, also injuring dozens of people, Newscore reports.

	The Ministry of Civil Affairs said in a statement that the rain had forced authorities to evacuate more than 1.2 million people from their homes, BBC reports.

	Landslides and mudslides have toppled homes and blocked roads in the area, and the National Meteorological Center forecast that the torrential rains that caused them will last for another three days, AFP reports.

	"Constant strong rainfall has caused serious flood disasters in Sichuan [southwest], Shaanxi [north] and Henan [central] - 12.3 million people were affected, 57 died and 29 are missing," it said.

	One area of the southwestern province of Sichuan, Bazhong, was severely affected, with 13 people killed, 10 missing and 156 injured, a spokesman for the local government told the official China Daily newspaper.

	Parts of China's longest river, the Yangtze, recorded reaching seven meters above dangerous levels and was expected to rise to the highest level since 1847, the Herald Sun reports.

	Last year saw China's worst flooding in a decade, leaving more than 4300 people dead or missing.

	The floods have caused nearly $3 million in damage and submerged 29,000 houses across the three provinces, according to China's Ministry of Civil Affairs.
	





 
 


Suggest & Vote




Members ask: What should GlobalPost cover?





265


votes



The Wise Ignorant suggests:


How likely is it for China to split into several countries in the next few years, and what would be the global...








110


votes



Guest suggests:


Compare the economies of various countries to get a sense of how relative economic stability and growth relate to the...





 
 
 
 



Last Week's Winner

165
votes


"Astute Observer" suggested:


India and Pakistan are the powerhouses of South Asia as well as historic enemies. How do their military forces stack up today?


Last week's winner compares the military might of two continually feuding countries. Check the membership site in late-September for a link to completed piece.


 
 


Natural Disasters
China
Asia-Pacific


PrintEmailTweet

 
   




 
 
 


 








 
 



 
 
 


Don't Miss








After WikiLeaks, Al Jazeera shakeup







Libya: Deaf rebels fight for rights



 






Tiger Moms beware







China bans dog-eating festival







US-China trade war: ongoing chicken spat







Polio outbreak in China



 
 
 





 
 



 
 











 
 
 


Footer Menu 2

Home
Contact Us
Headlines Widget
GP on Twitter
GP on Facebook
Terms of Use
Syndication
Advertising
Site Map
 
 
 





 
 





 
 



This site was co-developed with Viewpoint Creative of Boston
 
 
 


Get our Newsletter


Email: *



Get GlobalPost in your Inbox: *

 Daily Chatter


 Great Weekend Reads Newletter


 Charles Sennott Contacts








 Copyright 2011 GlobalPost  International News  















  



