More than 5 million affected by China flooding - CBS News 
       
        


    
   CBSNews.com | CBS Evening News | The Early Show | 48 Hours | 60 Minutes | Sunday Morning | Face the Nation | Up to the Minute
    Sign In With 
Log In
|
 Register   

Your Profile
|
Log Out                    CBS News.com World      Video U.S. World Politics Entertainment HealthWatch MoneyWatch Tech Sports Opinion Photos  More   Popular Strange News Recipes Blogs Puzzles CBS News on Twitter Newsletters Podcasts Widgets CBS News Bios       Blogs: Political Hotsheet Crimesider Investigates HealthPop Celebrity Circuit  More   Tech Talk WorldWatch The Feed EconWatch Author Talk Eye on Parenting Crossroads      Shows: 60 Overtime Washington Unplugged Hotsheet Live   Radio Mobile                  



Scroll Left Scroll Right





Gallery
Oops! 8 ways parents make kids fat
1 of 9



U.S.
Troy Davis executed, supporters cry injustice
2 of 9



U.S.
Young becoming "lost generation" amid recession
3 of 9



The Early Show
Woman: Airport search of my Afro was humiliating
4 of 9



World
Hikers spend 1st day free with families
5 of 9



Celebrity Circuit
Halle Berry breaks foot in Spain
6 of 9



Celebrity Circuit
Strange cast for "Survivor: South Pacific"
7 of 9



The Early Show
Mom to bury bullied son in Lady Gaga lyric shirt
8 of 9



Sports
2.5 pounds of pot tracked to NFL player's home
9 of 9





      June 19, 2011 7:31 AM    Print Text      More than 5 million affected by China flooding      11 Comments  Have Your Say  Email StorySend to a Friend Share ThisTell Your Friends Tweet ThisTweet This MoreShare It      .      Del.icio.us Facebook Stumbleupon   Newsvine Yahoo bookmarks Mixx   Digg Reddit Google Bookmarks   Twitter LinkedIn              Play CBS News Video     (AP)  BEIJING - More than 5 million people have been displaced or otherwise affected by flooding in eastern China that is also pushing up food prices, state media reported Sunday.  Torrential rains have left huge areas of Hubei and Zhejiang provinces under water, with more than 1 million acres of farmland inundated, the official Xinhua News Agency said.  Almost 1,000 businesses have been forced to suspend operations and 5.7 million people have had their lives disrupted, Xinhua said in a brief report. More than 7,000 homes collapsed or were otherwise damaged and direct financial damage was estimated at almost 6 billion yuan.  The downpour triggered a mudslide that buried houses and killed two people in Zhejiang's Changshan county, while two more were killed and two left missing by flooding in Hubei, Xinhua said.  Flooding in eastern and southern China this month has left more than 170 people dead or missing. Roads and railways have been blocked, but aid supplies are arriving and the country's weather bureau says skies are expected to clear up Monday.  Farmers quoted by Xinhua said the flooding was the worst in 20 years, reducing vegetable output by 20 percent and also causing shortages of fruits and grains. Prices for green vegetables were up 40 percent, Xinhua said, adding to an inflation rate of 5.5 percent, a three-year high.  The increase in the consumer price index reported last week was in line with expectations but higher than April's 5.3 percent and March's 5.4 percent. The National Statistics Bureau said the main factor was an 11.7 percent jump in food prices.  Higher food prices blamed on flooding were also reported in the eastern provinces of Anhui and Jiangxi, Xinhua said.      © 2011 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.       11 Comments  Have Your Say  Email StorySend to a Friend Share ThisTell Your Friends Tweet ThisTweet This MoreShare It       Add a Comment See all 11 Comments      by curse914 June 19, 2011 12:19 PM EDT  So much for the promise of infinite growth.     Reply to this comment            by cannuc June 19, 2011 12:08 PM EDT  This has nothing at all with God, Whether you call it Zeus, Issis, or Yhwh. The floodings in China, Colombia and Venezuela coupled with the record drought in in other parts of china and the UK bear testament the the ocean currents have indeed changed. Just look at the record dry spell in florida. The oceanic convergence points have indeed moved. just look at the Ocean curent map from 1943 and compare it to today's ice cap. Here is a link to it.
abrahamsays.blogspot.com/2011/04/new-weather-pattern.html     Reply to this comment           by curse914 June 19, 2011 12:24 PM EDT  Agreed; unfortunately many are going to claim this is natural with no regard to the short time frame in which this "natural" change is occurring.                         by dustin93sc June 19, 2011 11:52 AM EDT  American technology will aid recovery in China. President Hu should pressure Barack Obama to revise trade policy with Beijing. The Chinese own a massive chunk of U.S. debt.     Reply to this comment           by curse914 June 19, 2011 12:27 PM EDT  Belching smoke stacks are a sign of progress.                         by dot92141 June 19, 2011 10:11 AM EDT  DOES THIS MEAN THAT WALLYWORLD WILL RUN OUT OF CHINESE JUNK???????     Reply to this comment            by c_etude June 19, 2011 9:33 AM EDT  Cat and dog meat eaters - you are getting what you deserve!     Reply to this comment           by curse914 June 19, 2011 12:22 PM EDT  I am sure that many cultural zeatols in India would think the same of our culture that consumes the sacred cow.                      by c_etude June 20, 2011 8:26 AM EDT  Hey curse914-most people from India eat meat including the cow so ****                         by eastbay75 June 19, 2011 9:28 AM EDT  This is an act of God and the punishment to Chinese for bullying its neighbor!     Reply to this comment           by curse914 June 19, 2011 12:20 PM EDT  If she sinks, she was pure of heart and will be sent to heaven, if she floats, gods water is rejecting her and she must be burned as a witch.                    See all 11 Comments     Add a comment     Subscribe to this comment thread by email  SUBMIT         Click here to add another comment.   The posting of advertisements, profanity, or personal attacks is prohibited. By using this Web site you agree to accept our Terms of Service. Click here to read the Rules of Engagement.          Comment reply         Subscribe to this comment thread by email  Submit Cancel    The posting of advertisements, profanity, or personal attacks is prohibited. By using this Web site you agree to accept our Terms of Service. Click here to read the Rules of Engagement.     Report offensive content: If you believe this comment is offensive or violates the CBSNews.com Terms of Use, you can report it below (this will not automatically remove the comment). Once reported, our staff will be notified and the comment will be reviewed. Select type of offense:  Offensive: Sexually explicit or offensive language  Spam: Advertisements, commercial links, or repetitive posts  Disruptive posting: Flaming or offending other users  Illegal activities: Promote cracked software, or other illegal content  Off-topic: Commentary unrelated to the storyline Comments (optional):       Report Cancel     E-mail this comment to a friend. E-mail this to:  Your e-mail address:   Send me a copy of this message Note: Your e-mail address is used only to let the recipient know who sent the e-mail and in case of transmission error. Neither your address nor the recipients's address will be used for any other purpose. Add your own personal message: (Optional) Hi, I found this user's comment on CBSNews.com and thought you might be interested in reading it.      Send e-mail Cancel        .      Del.icio.us Facebook Stumbleupon   Newsvine Yahoo bookmarks Mixx   Digg Reddit Google Bookmarks   Twitter LinkedIn       




Popular Now in World


17 Photos
Himalayan earthquake


12 Photos
Day in pictures


12 Photos
Day in pictures





Typhoon near Japan prompts evac warnings for 1M 
Hikers spend 1st day free with families 
Mystery boy emerges from German forest 
President Obama in the hot seat at the U.N. 
Americans freed from Iran enjoy family reunions 
French want Palestinians to drop UN membership bid 
Palestinians reject U.S. pressure on U.N. bid 
Dumping of 35 bodies seen as challenge to Zetas 
U.N. "bust-up" over Palestinian statehood nears 
Julian Assange's "unauthorized autobiography" 
Child cage fighting stirs U.K. controversy 
Typhoon passes Japan tsunami zone, heads north 
Grandma escapes Pakistan flood in cooking pot 
Himalaya quake toll hits 99, expected to rise 
US hikers' lawyer in Iranian court to close deal 
Magnitude-6.6 quake shakes Japan 
Gen.: Iran may seek mass U.S. casualties in Iraq 



Latest CBS News Headlines

Ted Haggard to appear on wife swap television show
CERN claims faster-than-light particle measured
Euro associations aim to end August exhibitions
Natalee Holloway's mom opposes declaring her dead

Popular CBS News Stories on Facebook

Troy Davis executed, supporters cry injustice
Troy Davis executed in Georgia
Pet photographer's ambitious adoption photos
"Bubble Boy" 40 years later: Look back at heartbreaking case
Young becoming "lost generation" amid recession

Most Discussed Stories on CBS News


Troy Davis executed, supporters cry injustice


Polygraph for Troy Davis blocked, attorney says


Young becoming "lost generation" amid recession


Troy Davis executed in Georgia


Tony Bennett apologizes for 9/11 remark



 
 

  



   


Most Popular on CBS News


Stories
More »




01Troy Davis executed, supporters cry injustice



02Young becoming "lost generation" amid recession



03Ahmadinejad blasts U.S. over "mysterious" 9/11



04Carter: Davis execution shows system is "unjust"



05Doubts linger for many after Davis execution






























Videos
More »



01Graphic view of Reno, Nev. air show crash


02Pet photographer's ambitious adoption photos


03Giant shark off San Diego shore







15 Photos |  View Gallery »
Children of the rich and famous, arrested



16 Photos |  View Gallery »
Flu vaccine: 15 states that say no to the needle



18 Photos |  View Gallery »
Medical marijuana: Which 16 states permit pot?



21 Photos |  View Gallery »
Tech milestones in the Guinness World Records



18 Photos |  View Gallery »
Susan Lucci




Scroll Left


Scroll Right
More »



   







 CBS News on Facebook              

  CBS News Copyright © 2011 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.              CBSNews.com Site Map Video Site Map Mobile/WAP Site Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers Internships Development Programs  


Topics
China
United Nations
Social Security
North Korea
Terrorism
Capital Punishment
Immigration
Gay Marriage


Disaster in Japan
Foreclosures
Debt Crisis
Massacre in Norway
Election 2012
Marijuana
Rupert Murdoch
9/11: 10 Years Later


 Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Mobile 


CBS News Mobile

CBS News for Android


The CBS News app for Android smartphones offers breaking headlines and video as well as the latest from The Early Show, 60 Minutes and more.

Learn more...



    Visit other CBS Interactive sites:  Select Site BNET CBS College Sports CBS Radio CBS.com CBSNews.com CBSSports.com CHOW CNET CNET Channel GameSpot International Last.fm MaxPreps Moblogic MP3.com mySimon NCAA Search.com TechRepublic The Insider TV.com UrbanBaby.com UWIRE Wallstrip ZDNet     BNET CBS College Sports CBS Radio CBS.com CBSNews.com CBSSports.com CHOW CNET CNET Channel GameSpot International Last.fm MaxPreps Moblogic MP3.com mySimon NCAA Search.com TechRepublic The Insider TV.com UrbanBaby.com UWIRE Wallstrip ZDNet   Privacy Policy Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise   



    

                 