Captured: More than 5 million affected by China flooding in June 2011 | Plog  World, National Photos, Photography and Reportage  The Denver Post
















HOME | SPORTS | NEWS





















Plog Home


Other Plogs

Captured

Colorado Photos

From The Archive

In Focus

News

On War

Pictures of the Week

The Game




About The Plog

Subscribe via RSS









Captured: More than 5 million affected by China flooding in June 2011
Posted Jun 22, 2011


Share This Gallery



Tweet






BEIJING (AP)  More than 5 million people have been displaced or otherwise affected by flooding in eastern China that is also pushing up food prices, state media reported Sunday.
Torrential rains have left huge areas of Hubei and Zhejiang provinces under water, with more than 1 million acres (432,200 hectares) of farmland inundated, the official Xinhua News Agency said.
Almost 1,000 businesses have been forced to suspend operations and 5.7 million people have had their lives disrupted, Xinhua said in a brief report. More than 7,000 homes collapsed or were otherwise damaged and direct financial damage was estimated at almost 6 billion yuan ($930 million).
The downpour triggered a mudslide that buried houses and killed two people in Zhejiangs Changshan county, while two more were killed and two left missing by flooding in Hubei, Xinhua said.
Flooding in eastern and southern China this month has left more than 170 people dead or missing. Roads and railways have been blocked, but aid supplies are arriving and the countrys weather bureau says skies are expected to clear up Monday.
Farmers quoted by Xinhua said the flooding was the worst in 20 years, reducing vegetable output by 20 percent and also causing shortages of fruits and grains. Prices for green vegetables were up 40 percent, Xinhua said, adding to an inflation rate of 5.5 percent, a three-year high.
The increase in the consumer price index reported last week was in line with expectations but higher than Aprils 5.3 percent and Marchs 5.4 percent. The National Statistics Bureau said the main factor was an 11.7 percent jump in food prices.
Higher food prices blamed on flooding were also reported in the eastern provinces of Anhui and Jiangxi, Xinhua said.





1Chinese students make their way across a flooded school compound walking along a row of chairs, in Wuhan, in central China's Hubei province, June 18, 2011. More than one million people in China have been evacuated following downpours that have raised water levels in rivers to critical highs, and triggered floods and landslides. Summer rains have left at least 168 people dead or missing so far, and weather authorities warned that flood-hit areas across the southern half of China would experience a fresh round of heavy rainfall.   AFP PHOTO  #





2People make their way through flood water in Lanxi, east China's Zhejiang province on June 20, 2011. Flood-hit areas of central and southern China braced for more heavy rains Monday after millions of people were forced to evacuate or were otherwise affected by the early onset of the rainy season. AFP PHOTO #





3Residents clean up after floodwater subsided in Lanxi, eastern China's Zhejiang province on June 21, 2011.  China, already hit by torrential downpours that have left more than 260 dead or missing, braced for more rains and wind as a tropical storm neared its southern coast, weather authorities said.  AFP PHOTO  #





4College graduates walk through a flooded lakeside park in Wuhan in central China's Hubei province on June 21, 2011. Heavy rains in eastern China have put more than 660 reservoirs at risk of overflowing, an official said Tuesday. (AP Photo)  #





5In this photo taken Tuesday June 21, 2011, a man cycles near a boat in a flooded lakeside park in Wuhan in central China's Hubei province. Heavy rains in eastern China have put more than 660 reservoirs at risk of overflowing, an official said Tuesday. (AP Photo)  #





6In this photo released by China's Xinhua News Agency, tourists look at the torrents gushing out from the Xiaolangdi Reservoir on the Yellow River, at the reservoir's viewing platform, in Jiyuan, central China's Henan Province, Tuesday, June 21, 2011. The Yellow River Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters launched on Sunday a 20-day operation to discharge water from three reservoirs, namely Wanjiazhai, Sanmenxia and Xiaolangdi, in a bid to clear up the sediment in the river, Xinhua said. (AP Photo/Xinhua, Miao Qiunao)   #





7A tricycle wades through a flooded street as people on a wooden boat pass by, in Lanxi city in east China's Zhejiang province Monday, June 20, 2011. Heavy rains pounded Zhejiang province over the weekend and the level of a river that passes through Lanxi city has risen sharply. (AP Photo)  #





8A Chinese man wades through a flooded street with his tricycle in Lanxi city in east China's Zhejiang province Monday, June 20, 2011. Heavy rains pounded Zhejiang province over the weekend and the level of a river that passes through Lanxi city has risen sharply. (AP Photo) #





9A general view shows damaged homes after flood water swept through Linxiang, central China's Hunan province on June 11, 2011. Floods triggered by torrential rain in southern and central China have killed 52 people and forced more than 100,000 to flee their homes, state media reported. AFP PHOTO  #





10Rescuers carry a body of a victim after a landslide in Linxiang, central China's Hunan province on June 12, 2011. China's weather authorities warned June 13, 2011 torrential rain that has triggered deadly floods and landslides would continue, as experts said a recent drought was making the situation worse.  AFP PHOTO  #





11A man pushes his car down a flooded street in Wuhan, central China's Hubei province on June 14, 2011.  The National Meteorological Centre said heavy rains along the affected middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze river -- China's longest -- were to continue over the next three days, adding to an already serious situation.    AFP PHOTO/Peter PARKS  #





12A man tries to salvage some belongings from his damaged home as flood water hit Laibin, southwest China's Guangxi province on June 16, 2011. China was pounded by more summer rain forcing the evacuation of more than 55,000 people, state media reported, warning of further downpours, while the number of people confirmed killed in more than a week of floods and landslides triggered by the torrential rains had leapt past 100. AFP PHOTO  #





13Two men on a motorcycle are stuck in floodwaters in Wuhan in central China's Hubei province Saturday June 18, 2011. Flooding from this month's seasonal rains has already forced hundreds of thousands of people from their homes and left more than 170 dead or missing. (AP Photo) #





14In this photo taken Saturday June 18, 2011, a Chinese man clears the floating garbage in front of buses submerged in floodwaters in Wuhan in central China's Hubei province. More than 5 million people have been displaced or otherwise affected by flooding in eastern China that is also pushing up food prices, state media reported Sunday. (AP Photo)  #





15People make their way through flood water in Lanxi, east China's Zhejiang province on June 20, 2011. Flood-hit areas of central and southern China braced for more heavy rains Monday after millions of people were forced to evacuate or were otherwise affected by the early onset of the rainy season. AFP PHOTO  #





16Villagers use a wooden boat to transfer their pigs from a flooded hogpen in suburb Lanxi city in east China's Zhejiang province Monday, June 20, 2011. Heavy rains pounded Zhejiang province over the weekend and the level of a river that passes through Lanxi city has risen sharply. (AP Photo) #





17A general view shows a flooded street in Lanxi, east China's Zhejiang province on June 20, 2011. Flood-hit areas of central and southern China braced for more heavy rains Monday after millions of people were forced to evacuate or were otherwise affected by the early onset of the rainy season. AFP PHOTO #





18A driver of a wedding limousine calls out for help after his car got stranded along a flooded street in Wuhan, in central China's Hubei province, June 18, 2011. More than one million people in China have been evacuated following downpours that have raised water levels in rivers to critical highs, and triggered floods and landslides. Summer rains have left at least 168 people dead or missing so far, and weather authorities warned that flood-hit areas across the southern half of China would experience a fresh round of heavy rainfall. AFP PHOTO  #





19Motorists and people wade through floodwaters in Wuhan in central China's Hubei province Saturday June 18, 2011. More than 5 million people have been displaced or otherwise affected by flooding in eastern China that is also pushing up food prices, state media reported Sunday. (AP Photo) #





20In this June 19, 2011 photo provided by China's Xinhua News Agency, a man on a motor scooter makes his way through floodwater in Yingtan, east China's Jiangxi Province. More than 5 million people have been displaced or otherwise affected by flooding in eastern China that is also pushing up food prices, state media reported Sunday.  (AP Photo/Xinhua, Hu Nan)  #





21A Chinese woman uses a pail to remove water from a flooded store in Wuhan in central China's Hubei province Saturday, June 18, 2011. Flooding from this month's seasonal rains has already forced hundreds of thousands of people from their homes and left more than 170 dead or missing. (AP Photo) #





22In this photo taken Friday, June 17, 2011, a man tries to hold up a woman after stepping into a drain while attempting to walk through flood waters in southwestern China's Chongqing Municipality. Flooding from this month's seasonal rains has already forced hundreds of thousands of people from their homes and left more than 170 dead or missing. (AP Photo) #





23A Chinese man rows a makeshift raft in a flooded street in Xianing city in central China's Hubei province on Wednesday, June 15, 2011. More heavy downpours are forecast this week over central and southern China, where seasonal flooding has already killed more than 100 people, Chinese state media reported on Monday. (AP Photo)  #





24Residents walk across the scene of a landslide triggered by torrential rain in the remote village of Guanshan in Linxiang city in southern China's Hunan province Saturday June 11, 2011. More flooding across central China has killed dozens of people, state media reported Friday. (AP Photo) #





25Residents wade through flood waters as a car drives by in Xianning city in central China's Hubei province, Friday, June 10, 2011. More flooding across central China has killed dozens of people, state media reported Friday. (AP Photo) #





26A woman mourns over the coffin for a landslide victim in Zhanqiao township in southern China's Hunan province Saturday, June 11, 2011. More flooding across central China has killed dozens of people, state media reported Friday. (AP Photo) #





27Residents wade through flood waters in a residential neighborhood in Xianning city in central China's Hubei province, June 10, 2011. Torrential rains from Thursday night until early Friday triggered floods and landslides that toppled homes and destroyed river embankments across central China. (AP Photo) #





28Residents clear debris underneath a bridge in the flood stricken city of Xianning city in central China's Hubei province, June 10, 2011. Torrential rains from Thursday night until early Friday triggered floods and landslides that toppled homes and destroyed river embankments across central China. (AP Photo)  #





29In this photo taken Friday June 10, 2011, residents survey the damages caused by a landslide after torrential rain hit Pingjiang county of Yueyang city in southern China's Hunan province. Torrential rains from Thursday night until early Friday triggered floods and landslides that toppled homes and destroyed river embankments across central China. (AP Photo) #





30A man cries after his wife and two sons are killed by a landslide triggered by torrential rain that hit Pingjiang county of Yueyang city in southern China's Hunan province on June 10, 2011. Torrential rains from Thursday night until early Friday triggered floods and landslides that toppled homes and destroyed river embankments across central China. (AP Photo) #





31A man looks at the aftermath of a landslide triggered by torrential rain in Pingjiang county of Yueyang city in southern China's Hunan province.  Torrential rains from Thursday night until early Friday triggered floods and landslides that toppled homes and destroyed river embankments across central China. (AP Photo) #





32In this photo released by China's Xinhua News Agency, residents look over the area destroyed by a landslide in Yueyang of central China's Hunan Province. A new round of flooding across central China has killed dozens of people, state media said. (AP Photo/Xinhua, Zhao Zhongzhi) #





33A boatman waits to transport food and water to residents trapped after floods hit Zhoushang village of Xiangxi township in Lanxi city in eastern China's Zhejiang province, Friday June 17, 2011. China's surging inflation should rise again this month after flooding damaged crops and pushed up food costs, the government said Wednesday, June 22, 2011.  (AP Photo)  #






						This entry was posted
												on Wednesday, June 22nd, 2011 at 2:06 pm						and is filed under Captured.
						You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed.

						
					





























Credits

		The Denver Post
		Subscribe to entries
Subscribe to comments
		All content  2011 The Denver Post
		


News from The Denver Post: Breaking News | Style / Lifestyles | Food and Dining | Health and Fitness | Fashion | Homes | Entertainment


Colorado Snow Report | Vail Snow Report | Breckenridge Snow Report | List of Colorado Ski Resorts










