China flooding expected to worsen with heavy rains - CSMonitor.com


 Skip to: Content
	Skip to: Site Navigation
	Skip to: Search













Search







World


USA


Commentary


Business


Environment


Innovation


Science


Culture


Books









Terrorism & Security



All World Topics
Africa
Americas
Asia Pacific
Asia: South & Central
Europe
Middle East
Global Issues
People Making a Difference
Terrorism & Security
Global News Blog
Backchannels
Latest News Wires









Subscribe and save 71
%


 













Advertisements





















Terrorism & Security



China flooding expected to worsen with heavy rains

China expects heavy rain in the coming days. China flooding and mudslides have already killed more than 1,000 people, with tens of thousands still at risk. 

							By 
		
	
				
				
	Tom A. Peter, Correspondent /
						August 11, 2010
		











In this photo, rescuers conduct the ninth explosion to blast debris damming a river in order to safely release potential flood waters in the mudslides-hit Zhouqu County, Gannan Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture in northwest China's Gansu Province, Tuesday.
Zhang Yongjin/Xinhua/AP


Enlarge











Tweet

0 








• A daily summary of global reports on security issues.
Skip to next paragraph

Recent posts




09.22.11US suspects Pakistan's hand in Kabul embassy attack


09.21.11Iran releases US hikers on eve of Ahmadinejad's UN speech


09.20.11Will Yemen's fierce fighting push protesters to take up arms?


09.19.11Yemen violence erupts after months of stalemate (video)


09.18.11Qaddafi loyalists hold tight to strongholds of Bani Walid and Sirte






Related stories


China mudslides: Rescuers dig with bare hands, shovels for 1,300 missing 

China floods leave 30,000 trapped 

Three Gorges Dam flooding turns deadly; dozens missing in China 

 

 

Topics

Landslides and Mudslides
Accidents and Disasters
Natural Disasters
Floods
Emergency Services
Weather
Health and Fitness





Rescuers in China are bracing for potentially more flooding just 72 hours after the country’s worst mudslide in decades killed more than 700 people in the northwest Gansu province. Forecasts indicate that more heavy rain is likely.Military and rescue workers are trying to clear debris that is clogging the Bailong River and could create temporary dams which could then burst and send more water and mud rushing into the already devastated region.More than 1,000 people are still unaccounted for and their prospects look grim. Unlike earthquakes where buildings may collapse but leave space for survivors, mudslides envelope an area leaving little hope for those buried beneath it, reports the BBC’s Michael Bristow. There are also few roads leading into the mountainous region, so it is difficult for rescue workers and supplies to reach the affected area.With hope fading for finding survivors, authorities are trying to stop potential health crises that could result from the flood damage. Reuters reports that more than 10,000 troops have been sent to the area:Authorities have warned that heavy rain expected in Zhouqu and other areas over coming days could bring the risk of more floods and land slips, including in adjacent Sichuan province.Some 45,000 people have been evacuated from Zhouqu and officials warned others to leave or stay away."We are expecting very heavy rain for later today, please don't spend too long in town," said a policeman at a checkpoint on the outskirts of the town, who declined to give his name.Almost all of the area’s drinking water has been contaminated and tens of thousands of people are without clean water and food, reports the Sydney Morning Herald. The area is also now largely without a sewage system and toilets. Epidemiologists are concerned that water-borne diseases may be spreading.“If we cannot guarantee safe drinking water and a healthy living environment, it is highly risky for infectious disease to occur,” Yang Jian, a senior official with the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention, said in an article in China Daily.China’s government has allocated $73 million in emergency relief funds for the troubled region, reports state-run Xinhua. The government says it has a three-part plan to help victims. First, the government will help find or provide temporary shelters for the those dislocated by the mudslide; next it will help resettle them with relatives or in rented apartments; finally it will reconstruct destroyed homes. Government officials say they hope to repair damaged houses by this November and to finish rebuilding houses that were completely destroyed by June 2011 at the latest.Though most residents of the flooded region are still coping with the immediate aftermath of the disaster, there is already some anger with the government. Although the flooding and mudslides were sparked by heavy rains on Saturday and made worse by loosened rocks from the Sichuan earthquake in 2008, some Chinese people say the government could have avoided the tragedy. The Guardian reports that “deforestation and rapid hydro development were increasing the risk of landslips in the area.” Despite government reports warning about this potential catastrophe, the British newspaper says that Chinese authorities did not take preemptive action:"This has happened before. The government knew it could happen again and did nothing to prevent it," said a farmer called Yang, who did not want to give his full name. Five of his relatives were buried in the mudslide and he was digging to find them.For now, questions of government responsibility have been pushed aside as survivors look for their relatives among the rubble. The People’s Daily Online reports that despite the challenges facing rescue workers, following the flood the government acted swiftly to avert any additional loss of life.


Related stories


China mudslides: Rescuers dig with bare hands, shovels for 1,300 missing 

China floods leave 30,000 trapped 

Three Gorges Dam flooding turns deadly; dozens missing in China 

 

 



Topics

Landslides and Mudslides
Accidents and Disasters
Natural Disasters
Floods
Emergency Services
Weather
Health and Fitness










Follow us on Twitter and Facebook. 










 












Monitor Mall.  Shop for a cause - support The Christian Science Monitor.




Read Comments

View reader comments | Comment on this story




					These comments are not screened before publication. Constructive debate about the above story is welcome, but personal attacks are not. Please do not post comments that are commercial in nature or that violate any copyright[s]. Comments that we regard as obscene, defamatory, or intended to incite violence will be removed. If you find a comment offensive, you may flag it.
				


						If you have questions about comments or comment policy, check out our FAQ page.
					

						When posting a comment, you agree to our Terms of Service.
					









 World »




Sudanese government cracks down on remaining southern sympathizers 




 Innovation »




iPhone rumors rally around October 4 unveiling




 Innovation »




Facebook changes vs. Google+: Who made the best updates?




 World »




Montreal's public bike system faces uphill battle




 The Culture »




The rise of urban farming




 World »




Is the White House ready for a Cuban deep water drilling disaster?




 Innovation »




Google Wallet: Shop with a swipe of your phone




 Business »




Netflix (NFLX) faces customer backlash, weak economy




 USA »




Michael Vick returns to Atlanta, loses





Making a Difference

Karin Alfredsson travels the world to help stop violence against women
 

 The Culture »




Toronto International Film Festival: the buzz this year




 The Culture »




Bobby Fischer Against the World: movie review
















Understanding the basics of your credit score can help you score the best mortgage Relocation.com






About these ads 








Most viewed





			Why Obama and Warren Buffett are suddenly best pals
	



			Doomed satellite: Where and when will it plummet to Earth?
	



			US suspects Pakistan's hand in Kabul embassy attack
	



			Amazon Kindle can now check out e-books from 11,000 libraries
	



			Why Jon Stewart can't stop talking about Ron Paul
	



 



Photos of the day
09.21.11 »













CSMonitor.com on Facebook


 
















In Pictures



Space photos of the day: Extreme heat
 



Inside CSMonitor.com:






 Italian scientists' failure to predict 2009 quake: a criminal offense? (video)
					
More than 300 people died when an earthquake struck the Italian town of L'Aquila in 2009, days after several scientists said there was 'no danger.' Now the scientists are facing a trial for manslaughter.			 

Global News Blog:

			Good Reads: World reacts to Troy Davis execution with vigils, debates
	



			Mexican families struggle to find drug war's 'disappeared'
	

US hikers freed: Timeline of key events


			Targeting the rich, Obama takes Democrats back to their roots
	



 





About these ads 




What happens when ordinary people decide to pay it forward? Extraordinary change. See how individuals are making a difference... 



Karin Alfredsson is spearheading a nongovernmental project to document violence against women around the world, and to highlight the shortcomings and successes of legislation and other initiatives aimed at helping to curb it. 


Karin Alfredsson travels the world to help stop violence against women
Author and journalist Karin Alfredsson founded 'Cause of Death: Woman' to investigate the worldwide epidemic of violent acts against women.







Become part of the Monitor community

36K on Facebook | 12K on Twitter | 2,250 on YouTube


























Sponsored Links




Booking Agency


Grabow Entertainment Agency






Business Resources


Business Cards






Financial Services


Swiss Annuities











Fitness


Endless Pools Swimming Machines





Legal Services


Legal Marketing





Whistleblower






Real Estate


International Shipping


Mortgage Calculator


Moving


Moving Companies


Real Estate










Speakers Bureau


Christian Speakers


Celebrity Speakers Bureau


Motivational Speakers Bureau


Sports Speakers Bureaus






Web Services

Best
          Dedicated Server

Dedicated Servers


Hosting


















About these ads


Home
About
Content Map
Contact Us
Subscribe
E-Readers
Text
Specials
Multimedia
Make Us Your Home Page


Careers
Corrections
Find us online
Advertise With Us
Monitor Mall
Today's Article on Christian Science



© The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. 
		

















    
 





