Video: Eastern China Floods, In Hubei And Zhejiang Provinces, Displace 5.7m People And Push Up Food | World News | Sky News


































Skip Navigation






Sign up
Sign in
Site map



Search Form

Sky News

Web
Search Text

enhanced by:













Home



UK News



World News



Business



Politics





video



Showbiz News



Technology



Strange News



Weather





Your Videos



Your Photos



Blogs



Contact Us



Court Live













								Markets Plunge On Economy Doom
					





								Seven G20 Nations Demand Debt Action
					





								World Bank Head Warns Of Danger
					





								PM Criticises Iran And Syria At UN
					





								Live Updates From UN Assembly
					





		Breaking News
	

















Millions Affected By Floods In Eastern China





Tweet






			10:39am UK, Monday June 20, 2011
		

			An estimated five million people have been affected by torrential rain, mudslides and flooding in eastern China, local authorities have said.
		


To view this content you need Flash and Javascript enabled in your browser.
Please download Flash from the Adobe download website.





Large areas of Hubei and Zhejiang provinces in particular are mostly underwater.
The flooding has pushed food prices up and led to a vast number of residents being displaced.
So far 180 people have died this month or are missing in the area - and that figure is expected to rise, according to the official Xinhua News Agency.
The latest downpour - thought to be the worst in 20 years - triggered a mudslide that buried houses and killed two people in Zhejiang's Changshan county.
Prices for green vegetables were up 40%, adding to an inflation rate of 5.5% - a three-year high.
Two more people were killed and two left missing by flooding in Hubei, Xinhua said. The farmers they interviewed said it was the worst flooding in 20 years.



A man wades through floodwater after his bus was stranded


More than one million acres (432,200 hectares) of farmland has been inundated - though forecasters predicted that Monday would be drier.
Almost 1,000 businesses have been forced to suspend operations and 5.7 million people have had their lives disrupted, Xinhua claimed.
More than 7,000 homes collapsed or were otherwise damaged and direct financial damage was estimated at almost six billion Yuan (£577m).
The flooding has reduced vegetable output by 20% and also caused shortages of fruits and grains.
On Sunday, a senior official warned a critical point had been reached in battling seasonal floods.
Heavy rain pounded Zhejiang over the weekend and the level of a river that passes through Lanxi city has risen sharply, said Zhao Fayuan, deputy director of the flood control headquarters.
The level of Lanjiang river has now hit 110 feet (34 metres), the highest since 1966, state-run Xinhua said.
Meanwhile more than 40 miles (70 kilometres) of nearby dykes are close to overflowing, the country's flood authority said.
It is likely that more frequent and more intense downpours will continue, Chen Lei, China's minister for water resources, told a meeting in Beijing to discuss flood-control measures.
However, while the deadly flooding continues, a persistent drought is still plaguing five provinces in the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River.
It has left 630,000 people without safe drinking water and affected 11.9 million acres (4.8 million hectares) of farmland, Mr Chen said.






Bookmark the story


ng ine}


Bookmark story form


Add this to my favourites



Stumble Upon



Reddit



Digg



Delicious



Newsvine



Facebook





CANCEL









Help




Bookmark the story
You can add this story to your favourites or submit it to a social bookmarking site so other people can see it.Social bookmarking lets you save
	

Email the story
When you press "submit"
	

STORY TRACKER
If you want to track a story, you need to log in to the Sky News website.A Sky News account will also allow you to comment on blogs and take part in online discussions.Once you have logged in and you have tracked a story, by clicking on the red icon the updates will display in the highlighted panel.




Close












 




Report this comment


Email Story Form
Reason

Abusive, threatening or offensive
Obscene or vulgar
Irrelevant, off topic or spam
Racist or sexist
Unsuitable display name
Other


			Additional details (Optional)
		

















Latest Blogs









































Weather




The weather servers are currently busy, please try again in a couple of minutes.













We would like your feedback, please fill in our survey







Sky News TV And Video




Award-winning coverage from Sky:

 Video News Headlines
 Watch Sky News Live
 Sky News TV Schedule
 Send Your Videos/Photos








Sky News Extra




RSS


SMS Alerts 



									About Us
								



									Sky News International
								



									How To Get Sky News
								



									Sky News Panel
								



									Sky Player
								


Podcast



									Sky News Radio
								













MORE FROM SKY NEWS




How to get Sky News (pdf)
Sky News International
Sky News Library Sales
Get Sky News on your site








|News |
Web|


enhanced by:





Search For: 













Get the latest SKY NEWS headlines on Sky News Active. Press the red button on Sky digital channel 501.









Home



							|UK News



							|World News



							|Business



							|Politics



							|video



							|Showbiz News



							|Technology



							|Strange News



							|Weather



							|Your Videos



							|Your Photos



							|Blogs



							|Contact Us



							|Court Live





Copyright ©2011 BskyB



                                    About Sky News
                                


                            |
                                
                                    Contact Sky News
                                


                            |Site Map


                            |
                                
                                    Sky News Panel
                                


                            |Feedback


                            |Privacy


                            |
                                
                                    Accessibility
                                


                            |Terms & Conditions


|   World News Feed





















