China floods force more than 550,000 to flee - CBS News 
       
        


    
   CBSNews.com | CBS Evening News | The Early Show | 48 Hours | 60 Minutes | Sunday Morning | Face the Nation | Up to the Minute
    Sign In With 
Log In
|
 Register   

Your Profile
|
Log Out                    CBS News.com World      Video U.S. World Politics Entertainment HealthWatch MoneyWatch Tech Sports Opinion Photos  More   Popular Strange News Recipes Blogs Puzzles CBS News on Twitter Newsletters Podcasts Widgets CBS News Bios       Blogs: Political Hotsheet Crimesider Investigates HealthPop Celebrity Circuit  More   Tech Talk WorldWatch The Feed EconWatch Author Talk Eye on Parenting Crossroads      Shows: 60 Overtime Washington Unplugged Hotsheet Live   Radio Mobile                  



Scroll Left Scroll Right





Gallery
Oops! 8 ways parents make kids fat
1 of 9



U.S.
Troy Davis executed, supporters cry injustice
2 of 9



U.S.
Young becoming "lost generation" amid recession
3 of 9



The Early Show
Woman: Airport search of my Afro was humiliating
4 of 9



World
Hikers spend 1st day free with families
5 of 9



Celebrity Circuit
Halle Berry breaks foot in Spain
6 of 9



Celebrity Circuit
Strange cast for "Survivor: South Pacific"
7 of 9



The Early Show
Mom to bury bullied son in Lady Gaga lyric shirt
8 of 9



Sports
2.5 pounds of pot tracked to NFL player's home
9 of 9





      June 17, 2011 11:23 AM    Print Text      China floods force more than 550,000 to flee      Add Comment  Have Your Say  Email StorySend to a Friend Share ThisTell Your Friends Tweet ThisTweet This MoreShare It      .      Del.icio.us Facebook Stumbleupon   Newsvine Yahoo bookmarks Mixx   Digg Reddit Google Bookmarks   Twitter LinkedIn              People make their way down a flooded street after a rainstorm hit the town on June 15, 2011 in Nanchang, Jiangxi Province of China. (Photo by ChinaFotoPress/Getty Images)     (CBS/AP)  BEIJING - China has mobilized its military and raised its disaster alert to the highest level amid severe river flooding that has prompted evacuation of more than half a million people, according to a Reuters report.  The report, which cited the official China Daily, said more than 550,000 have fled from low-lying areas in seven provinces and one municipality along the flooded Yangtze River.  Meanwhile, a flooded river in the country's east rose to its highest level in more than 50 years. The Qiantang River, Zhejiang province's main waterway, is at 7.9 feet above safety levels - the highest it has been since 1955.  In the face of the disasters, the government has raised its alert to level 4, according to Reuters. The landslides and mudslides have toppled homes, and the torrential rains that caused them are forecast to continue. The flooding has left 105 people dead and 65 missing.   In the southwest, 5,000 passengers on four trains were stranded after landslides buried parts of a railway line.  Over 2,000 rescuers with 10 excavators rushed to clear the Chengdu-Kunming railway, which links the provincial capitals of Sichuan and Yunnan, the Chengdu Railway Bureau said in a statement, according to the state-run Xinhua News Agency.  The bureau has sent food and water to the trapped passengers, and buses to evacuate them, the statement said.  Elsewhere in the coastal province, a dike breached and flooded 18 villages while landslides toppled about 2,500 houses and flooded 350 roads, Xinhua said. This week's rains have also forced 120,000 residents in Zhejiang alone to leave their homes.  The country's weather agency said a new round of downpours began Friday.      © 2011 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. The Associated Press contributed to this report.       Add Comment  Have Your Say  Email StorySend to a Friend Share ThisTell Your Friends Tweet ThisTweet This MoreShare It           Add a comment     Subscribe to this comment thread by email  SUBMIT         Click here to add another comment.   The posting of advertisements, profanity, or personal attacks is prohibited. By using this Web site you agree to accept our Terms of Service. Click here to read the Rules of Engagement.          Comment reply         Subscribe to this comment thread by email  Submit Cancel    The posting of advertisements, profanity, or personal attacks is prohibited. By using this Web site you agree to accept our Terms of Service. Click here to read the Rules of Engagement.     Report offensive content: If you believe this comment is offensive or violates the CBSNews.com Terms of Use, you can report it below (this will not automatically remove the comment). Once reported, our staff will be notified and the comment will be reviewed. Select type of offense:  Offensive: Sexually explicit or offensive language  Spam: Advertisements, commercial links, or repetitive posts  Disruptive posting: Flaming or offending other users  Illegal activities: Promote cracked software, or other illegal content  Off-topic: Commentary unrelated to the storyline Comments (optional):       Report Cancel     E-mail this comment to a friend. E-mail this to:  Your e-mail address:   Send me a copy of this message Note: Your e-mail address is used only to let the recipient know who sent the e-mail and in case of transmission error. Neither your address nor the recipients's address will be used for any other purpose. Add your own personal message: (Optional) Hi, I found this user's comment on CBSNews.com and thought you might be interested in reading it.      Send e-mail Cancel        .      Del.icio.us Facebook Stumbleupon   Newsvine Yahoo bookmarks Mixx   Digg Reddit Google Bookmarks   Twitter LinkedIn       




Popular Now in World


17 Photos
Himalayan earthquake


12 Photos
Day in pictures


12 Photos
Day in pictures





Typhoon near Japan prompts evac warnings for 1M 
Hikers spend 1st day free with families 
Mystery boy emerges from German forest 
President Obama in the hot seat at the U.N. 
Americans freed from Iran enjoy family reunions 
French want Palestinians to drop UN membership bid 
Palestinians reject U.S. pressure on U.N. bid 
Dumping of 35 bodies seen as challenge to Zetas 
U.N. "bust-up" over Palestinian statehood nears 
Julian Assange's "unauthorized autobiography" 
Child cage fighting stirs U.K. controversy 
Typhoon passes Japan tsunami zone, heads north 
Grandma escapes Pakistan flood in cooking pot 
Himalaya quake toll hits 99, expected to rise 
US hikers' lawyer in Iranian court to close deal 
Magnitude-6.6 quake shakes Japan 
Gen.: Iran may seek mass U.S. casualties in Iraq 



Latest CBS News Headlines

Oil falls sharply on global economic worries
Money manager pays $2.5M to settle fraud case
UK police arrest 7th terror suspect in Birmingham
Analysis: Abbas stands to gain from UN gambit

Popular CBS News Stories on Facebook

Troy Davis executed, supporters cry injustice
Troy Davis executed in Georgia
Pet photographer's ambitious adoption photos
"Bubble Boy" 40 years later: Look back at heartbreaking case
Young becoming "lost generation" amid recession

Most Discussed Stories on CBS News


Troy Davis executed, supporters cry injustice


Polygraph for Troy Davis blocked, attorney says


Young becoming "lost generation" amid recession


Troy Davis executed in Georgia


Tony Bennett apologizes for 9/11 remark



 
 

  



   


Most Popular on CBS News


Stories
More »




01Troy Davis executed, supporters cry injustice



02Young becoming "lost generation" amid recession



03Ahmadinejad blasts U.S. over "mysterious" 9/11



04Carter: Davis execution shows system is "unjust"



05Doubts linger for many after Davis execution






























Videos
More »



01Graphic view of Reno, Nev. air show crash


02Pet photographer's ambitious adoption photos


03Giant shark off San Diego shore







15 Photos |  View Gallery »
Children of the rich and famous, arrested



16 Photos |  View Gallery »
Flu vaccine: 15 states that say no to the needle



18 Photos |  View Gallery »
Medical marijuana: Which 16 states permit pot?



21 Photos |  View Gallery »
Tech milestones in the Guinness World Records



18 Photos |  View Gallery »
Susan Lucci




Scroll Left


Scroll Right
More »



   







 CBS News on Facebook              

  CBS News Copyright © 2011 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.              CBSNews.com Site Map Video Site Map Mobile/WAP Site Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers Internships Development Programs  


Topics
China
United Nations
Social Security
North Korea
Terrorism
Capital Punishment
Immigration
Gay Marriage


Disaster in Japan
Foreclosures
Debt Crisis
Massacre in Norway
Election 2012
Marijuana
Rupert Murdoch
9/11: 10 Years Later


 Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Mobile 


CBS News Mobile

CBS News for Android


The CBS News app for Android smartphones offers breaking headlines and video as well as the latest from The Early Show, 60 Minutes and more.

Learn more...



    Visit other CBS Interactive sites:  Select Site BNET CBS College Sports CBS Radio CBS.com CBSNews.com CBSSports.com CHOW CNET CNET Channel GameSpot International Last.fm MaxPreps Moblogic MP3.com mySimon NCAA Search.com TechRepublic The Insider TV.com UrbanBaby.com UWIRE Wallstrip ZDNet     BNET CBS College Sports CBS Radio CBS.com CBSNews.com CBSSports.com CHOW CNET CNET Channel GameSpot International Last.fm MaxPreps Moblogic MP3.com mySimon NCAA Search.com TechRepublic The Insider TV.com UrbanBaby.com UWIRE Wallstrip ZDNet   Privacy Policy Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise   



    

                 