News Feed Distribution Service from EIN Newsfeed Maker


This is a service of

a digital news provider
















Home
About
Make a Newsfeed



About EIN
Services
Publications
Submit News

Contact







            Get Professional-Quality News Delivered
            
            to Your Website or Blog 24 Hours a Day
          

            Get the latest news delivered to your website 24 hours a day with Newsfeed Maker. Whether you need content for personal, corporate or government websites, a social media page or a variety of domains, Newsfeed Maker gives you up-to-the-minute news on the topic of your choice from more than 7,000 worldwide news sources.
          






(For tips on choosing keywords click here...)



TRY IT FREE FOR 7 DAYS. MONEY BACK GUARANTEE
Easily create and manage multiple feeds
The highest-quality content updated 24/7
News archive allows your readers extra benefits
Manage 10 news feeds from one central location
Unlimited use for personal and commercial purposes
News and information from more than 7,000 Internet sources
Multitude of formats make it accessible for every website or blog






        © 2005-2011 IPD Group, Inc. All Right Reserved.
        User Agreement
        |
        Privacy Policy
        |
        Contact



COMPANY BACKGROUND

About EIN News
            Established in 1995, EIN News began by supplying business professionals and individuals with relevant and interesting news products. It has grown to become the largest digital news provider in Europe.
          

Member List
            See the partial member list and join a community of professionals from private industry, institutions, and governments that rely on EIN as a critical source for research, breaking news and media services.
          


NEWS SERVICES

News Publications
            In-depth geopolitical and industry specific news coverage aggregated from 35,000 online outlets. Updated every 15 minutes.
          

Newsfeed Maker
            Integrate customized newsfeeds in any format covering all industry and geopolitical topics, updated every 15 minutes.
          

EIN Presswire
            Upload press releases to the EIN network and have them submitted to journalists and decision-makers worldwide.
          

EIN Events
            Add trade events to the World Trade Shows & Business Conferences Directory. They will be shown to the people you want to reach.
          

Inbox Robot
            Customized newsletters delivered by e-mail. Search a news index monitoring thousands of trusted media sources.
          

EIN Marketplace
            Designed to help small businesses tap into the EIN News audience of industry professionals.
          


ALL NEWS PUBLICATIONS


EIN News
              provides breaking news coverage on the following topics:
            









