Gone With the Flood -  Chinese Villagers Struggle With a New Reality - NYTimes.com



Log In
Register Now
Help



Home Page
Today's Paper
Video
Most Popular
Times Topics


 





Search All NYTimes.com












Business Day
Energy & Environment 





World
 
U.S.
 
N.Y. / Region
 
Business
 
Technology
 
Science
 
Health
 
Sports
 
Opinion
 
Arts
 
Style
 
Travel
 
Jobs
 
Real Estate
 
Autos


















Global
DealBook
Markets
Economy
Energy
Media
Personal Tech
Small Business
Your Money













Gone With the Flood: Chinese Villagers Struggle With a New Reality
 By COCO LIU of ClimateWire

Published: June 30, 2011    






Sign In to E-Mail


Print


 Single Page










XIKOU VILLAGE, China -- The muggy summer afternoon started like any other for Mao Juxian -- with a sink full of dishes to wash at her riverside diner. But within minutes rain began pouring, quickly turning things wrong.        




More News From ClimateWire

Futuristic U.S. Power Reactor May Be Developed Overseas
A Nuclear Plant's Flood Defenses Trigger a Yearlong Regulatory Confrontation
A Region With Big Climate Vulnerability and Bigger Distractions
Budget Remedies Could Prevent Climate Plans for More Than a Decade
Middle East's Push Toward Renewable Energy Spurred by Rising Oil Prices










A blog about energy and the environment.
Go to Blog 






After glimpsing outside her window, Mao was shocked: The river was overflowing and heading straight at her. The 51-year-old and her elderly sister rushed to move whatever they could grab to the upstairs, but the flood was moving faster.        
In less than an hour, the water inside the house reached their knees, forcing the sisters to retreat to the second floor. But the flood didn't stop its chase. Several hours later, it cut off electricity and phone service, swept away furniture and almost reached the ceiling of their first floor.        
"We were scared to death, worrying our house would collapse any minute. For the whole night, none of us dared to sleep," recalled Mao. Instead, they were helplessly watching the water rise. Luckily, the flood stopped two feet short of them, and finally faded away in the morning.        
Three days later, while carrying a wet dining table outside to dry, Mao said she never imagined going through a flood. "This year, we didn't even have rain until two weeks ago. And the river had so little water that parts of its bottom were parched."        
Such sudden flood from dried-up rivers is rare. But that deluge would not be the last -- nor would it be the worst. Over the past three weeks, China's southern provinces, many of which have yet to recover from an unusual months-long drought, entered a battle against numerous deadly floods.        
In one such province called Hunan, a cluster of villages that this year saw only one third of the average rainfall, suddenly experienced the heaviest rain in the past 300 years. That caused mudslides that claimed the lives of 20 villagers.        
Nationwide, the floods killed dozens more, forced millions of people to leave their homes and mounted an extra $5 billion on top of economic losses from the preceding drought.        
While a rainy June is normal here, such extreme weather and the dramatic shift from dry to wet aren't, says Yang Fuqiang, senior adviser on climate and energy at the Natural Resources Defense Council.        
"This is a clear proof of climate change," Yang said. "And it hits less developed regions hardest, making the poor even poorer."        
Craving rain 
That's pretty much the situation in Xikou village and its neighboring Kaihua County, where water resources are almost four times the national average and yet villagers are increasingly feeling the pinch in getting water.        
For Zhou Wenhan, watering his riverbank fields is no longer an easy matter. Over the past years, Zhou witnessed the river level shrinking to a point that no water is able to flow into channels and to reach his fields. And alternative ways like pumping water from underground were abandoned due to prohibitive costs of the operation.        
While his neighbors can carry water from wells, Zhou can't. The 64-year-old's left hand is paralyzed, leaving him at the mercy of the weather. And this year, as his prayer for rain wasn't answered, Zhou had to make a tough decision.        
"I switched from growing rice to growing peanuts," he said. "Peanuts can grow with little water, but it only generates half of my previous income."        
Even for villagers who are physically and financially stronger than Zhou and can soften their dependence on the weather, the missing rain drops didn't go unfelt.        
Li Zibing, a vegetable grower in neighboring Huadong village, uses a pumping system together with some 400 farmers during low rainfall. But this year's extreme low isn't something that the pump could help with.        
For every 15 minutes of pumping water, villagers had to wait half an hour until the pump recovered. And not enough water could be fetched and led to their thirsty crops, said Li, adding that the whole village craved rain.        
The rain did come finally, but not in a way they expected.        
Livelihoods going down the drain 
On June 15, a record rain -- the heaviest in the past half century -- dropped on Li's village. It inundated his six-foot-tall greenhouses and destroyed his half-year's hard work within hours.         1  2 Next Page  
For more news on energy and the environment, visit www.climatewire.net.ClimateWire is published by Environment & Energy Publishing. Read More  
 



 



 









Sign In to E-Mail


Print


 Single Page










Get 50% Off The New York Times & Free All Digital Access.










 


 








 

 




Advertise on NYTimes.com


 




 

 

 



 

 





 



Advertisements	    





Advertise across the globe -The New York Times Global www.nytimesglobal.com 
 










 

 




Advertise on NYTimes.com












            Inside NYTimes.com        








Magazine 




Shred Your Inhibitions for a Surprising Slaw





Fashion & Style 




Peter Gatien, Club King Without a Club




Opinion 
The Stone: What Do Test Scores Tell Us?
Educators and critics often react to poor test results with calls for school reform. Should they?





Great Homes 




On Location | A House Enveloped in Greenery




Opinion 
Op-Ed: G.I.s and For-Profit Colleges
The desire for learning among service members and veterans is too often exploited by unscrupulous schools.





Home & Garden 




On Kickstarter, Designers Dreams Materialize





Music 




Maestros Injury Ignites Game of Musical Chairs





Fashion & Style 




Want More Information? Just Scan Me





Theater 




An Eloquence in Groping for Words




Opinion 
Townies: Baby Steps
Jessica Groses parents left New York City to raise children. Should she do the same?





Home & Garden 




Fashioning an Eden of Self-Creation




Opinion 
Under Obama, Are We Post-Racial?
A Room for Debate forum on why the president seems unwilling to use race-based policies to help minorities.










Home

World


U.S.


N.Y. / Region


Business


Technology


Science


Health


Sports


Opinion


Arts


Style


Travel


Jobs


Real Estate


Autos

Site Map
 
 2011 The New York Times Company
Privacy
Your Ad Choices
Terms of Service
Terms of Sale
Corrections
RSS
Help
Contact Us
Work for Us
Advertise







