BBC News - Fatal floods hit southern China after prolonged drought









          BBC Accessibility links  Skip to content Skip to local navigation Skip to bbc.co.uk navigation Skip to bbc.co.uk search Help Accessibility Help   




Asia-Pacific







Home
US & Canada
Latin America
UK
Africa
Asia-Pac
Europe
Mid-East
South Asia
Business
Health
Sci/Environment
Tech
Entertainment
Video



















7 June 2011
Last updated at 00:09 ET


Share this page


Delicious


Digg


Facebook


reddit


StumbleUpon


Twitter


Email


Print





Fatal floods hit southern China after prolonged drought







Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play.





























Thousands of people have been evacuated from their homes in central and southern China after continuous downpours caused heavy flooding



 
Continue reading the main story Related Stories

China drought worsens in parched north
China helps drought-hit farmers
Warning on China desertification


At least 14 people have been killed in raging flood waters that have swept through south-western Guizhou province.
Scores of people are missing, and tens of thousands have left their homes ahead of more flooding.
Roads, bridges and hundreds of homes and cars have been destroyed in the onslaught.
The floods toll, reported by the state news agency Xinhua, comes after months of crop-destroying drought in the centre and north of the country.
The provincial civil affairs office in Guizhou said that floods have hit 11 cities and counties since 3 June.
At least 270,000 people have been affected, 45,000 evacuated and 3,000 stranded, said Xinhua.
Before the deluge
Some areas along the Yangtze River have suffered their worst drought in half a century.
Even with the rain - and more is forecast in the coming days - officials have warned that the crop shortages and dislocation caused by drought will remain severe.
Large swathes of China have had almost no rain since October, affecting millions of hectares of crops and leaving many short of drinking water. 
Analysts say crop shortages in China could affect prices around the world.
The country's central bank is offering emergency loans for drought-relief projects in northern, central and eastern areas. 
Officials are trying to calm fears over shortages, saying the country has enough in reserve to meet demand.
But food prices have been rising quickly in China for months. 




More on This Story

Related Stories


China drought worsens in parched north
01 MARCH 2011, 
                        ASIA-PACIFIC


China helps drought-hit farmers
21 JANUARY 2011, 
                        BUSINESS


Warning on China desertification
04 JANUARY 2011, 
                        ASIA-PACIFIC


China's GDP up by 10.3% in 2010
20 JANUARY 2011, 
                        BUSINESS


Severe drought hits China region
25 MARCH 2010, 
                        ASIA-PACIFIC


China country profile
09 AUGUST 2011, 
                        COUNTRY PROFILES











Around the BBC


BBC Chinese


BBC Weather - China



The BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites





Share this page


Delicious


Digg


Facebook


reddit


StumbleUpon


Twitter


Email


Print
















More Asia-Pacific stories
RSS




China hits out at US-Taiwan deal

China hits out at a US deal to upgrade Taiwan's ageing fleet of US-built F-16 fighter planes, warning it could harm bilateral co-operation. 



Typhoon Roke moves across Japan




West 'should note Burma change'












Top stories



Shares sink over growth worries


Pakistan 'supported' Kabul attack


Nasa refines satellite crash time


Lightspeed results baffle at Cern


Ex-Libya PM 'jailed in Tunisia'









Features & Analysis




Riding high Watch

The thrilling power and destructiveness of waves 	
				  




War on two fronts

The female veterans tormented by combat and sexual trauma 	
				  




Flour power

How to make a $16 muffin in your own home 	
				  




Ad Breakdown

What Perry's bombastic campaign film says about 2012 race 	
				  






Most Popular
Shared




1: Lightspeed results baffle at Cern



2: Nasa refines satellite crash time



3: New images of falling satellite



4: Pakistan 'supported' Kabul attack



5: France imposes first niqab fines



Read




1: Lightspeed results baffle at Cern



2: Nasa refines satellite crash time



3: Why Obama has turned towards Israel



4: New images of falling satellite



5: Pakistan 'supported' Kabul attack



6: X-ray reveals hidden Goya artwork



7: How to make a $16 muffin



8: Shares sink over growth worries



9: Female veterans tormented by combat and sexual trauma



10: Troy Davis is executed in Georgia



Video/Audio




1: New images of falling satellite Watch



2: Boat restaurant swept away in China Watch



3: Rick Perry: Obama is 'President Zero' Watch



4: 'He let himself into my room at night' Watch



5: Six tonne satellite tumbling to earth Watch



6: US Admiral: 'Haqqani is veritable arm of Pakistan's ISI' Watch



7: Picture This: Waves Watch



8: Surfer's shark attack told in film Watch



9: Iran frees US hiker 'spies' Watch



10: UK couple describe Amazon rescue Watch












Elsewhere on the BBC 



Living In... San Francisco

BBC Travel's guide to dwelling in this tolerant, effervescent northern Californian city 















Programmes



Fast Track Watch

The latest travel gadgets, including a suitcase you can dance with and then sit on to get your breath back
















Services

 News feeds
 Mobile
 Podcasts
 Alerts
 E-mail news



About BBC News

Editors' blog
BBC College of Journalism
News sources
World Service Trust




  Mobile      Search term:     bbc.co.uk navigation  News Sport Weather  Travel  TV Radio More       CBBC CBeebies Comedy Food Health   History Learning Music Science Nature   Local Northern Ireland Scotland Wales Full A-Z of BBC sites        BBC links   About the BBC   BBC Help   Contact Us   Accessibility Help   Terms of Use   Careers   Privacy & Cookies   Advertise With Us   Ad Choices     BBC © 2011 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so.  




































  







