Fighting China's Floods - China.org.cn


 

Home 
             News  Water Level Situation Photos







Fighting China's Floods






















 








 


Locals struggling their way on a waterlogged street in Lianyungang, a coastal city in east China's Jiangsu Province on September 20, 2005. Rainstorms hit Lianyungang Tuesday, leaving many areas of the city flooded.


 








 


Local residents waiting for buses on a flooded street in Jinan, east China's Shandong Province September 19, 2005. The city embraced a heavy rainfall from Sunday evening to Monday morning.


 








 


Water is released at the Three Gorges Dam on the Yangtze River in Yichang, central China's Hubei Province September 11, 2005. The discharge is to get prepared for the possible flood. 


 
 








 


According to Xinhua News Agency reports on September 5, 2005, the death toll from Typhoon Talim in east China's Fujian, Zhejiang, Anhui and Jiangxi provinces could be as high as 73, with direct economic losses from torrential rains, floods and landslides estimated at 7.8 billion yuan (US$960 million).


 








 


Children playing before their new teaching building at the Shalan Primary School in Shalan Town, northeast China's Heilongjiang Province August 31, 2005. The school was devastated by a flash flood June 10 that killed 105 children. Officials blamed the school's location -- it is on much lower ground than surrounding buildings -- for the high death toll. Then the National Development and Reform Commission allocated 6.9 million yuan for the rebuilding of the school. The teaching building was put into use Wednesday. 


 








 


People playing on a flooded sidewalk on the banks of the Hanjiang River in Wuhan, capital of central China's Hubei Province August 24, 2005. Owing to heavy rainfall in upstream areas and the discharging of floodwater from Danjiangkou Reservoir, the water level at the Wuhan section of the river reached 27.91 meters, 41 centimeters above the warning level.


 
 








 


Chinese soldiers strengthening the bank along the Hunhe River to prevent it from being damaged by floods in Shengyang, northeast China's Liaoning province, August 17, 2005. Torrential rainstorms and ensuing floods in Liaoning since August 12 killed ten people, Xinhua News Agency reported.


 








 


A bridge on the Hunhe River collapses due to torrential flood water on the border between Fushun and Qingyuan in northeast China's Liaoning Province on August 13, 2005. A truck and two cars fell into the water at the time of the collapse. Only one woman in the vehicles has been rescued and the others were still missing. 


 








 


Residents wading through a flooded street after rainstorms in Taiyuan in north China's Shanxi Province on August 12, 2005. Torrential rains slowed traffic and damaged buildings in the city on Friday. 



 
 








 


Rescuers helping evacuate local residents in a raft on a flooded street in Bishan County in southwest China's Chongqing municipality on August 3, 2005. Heavy rains hit the county Wednesday morning, affecting 1,980,000 people and causing an economic loss of 60.45 million yuan (US$7.46 million), local media reported. 


 








 


Armed police officers carrying two senior villagers to safety in Suzhou, east China's Anhui Province August 3, 2005. Many villages were flooded in the city due to heavy rainfalls. 


 








 


Residents going through a waterlogged street after a torrential downpour in Huaibei, a city of east China's Anhui Province, August 2. A heavy rain hit the city early in the morning, bringing a lot of inconvenience to the local residents.








1234












Copyright  China Internet 
      Information Center. All Rights Reserved
      E-mail: webmaster@china.org.cn Tel: 86-10-68326688


