 Bangladesh media slams Hasina stand on secularism   News




Home
About


						Thursday, 22 September 2011					
RSS





News One
News One : Mobile News for iPhone, Android and smartphones











Posted on 22nd October 2010No Responses

Bangladesh media slams Hasina stand on secularism






Dhaka, Oct 20 (IANS) Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina’s move to restore the word ‘secularism’ in the constitution while allowing political activity by religion-based parties has received mixed response from the media.
New Age newspaper Wednesday called it ‘a poignant example of political opportunism’, while the New Nation asked whether the court, and not parliament, was the real forum to make changes in the constitution.
The Hasina government moved after the Supreme Court ordered that ‘secularism’, which was in the original statute book of 1972, be restored.
The cabinet Monday decided to ‘reprint’ the constitution, but Hasina said there would be no ban on activity by religion-based political parties.
Bangladesh would remain an Islamic republic and ‘Bismillahir Rehmanir Rahim’ (In the Name of Allah, the Most Beneficent, the most Merciful) would be retained in the statute book.
Bangladesh’s 156 million population is overwhelmingly Sunni Muslim with Hindus, Buddhists and Christians forming less than ten percent.
In a commentary, the New Nation noted that Hasina issued the directives ‘when Islamic parties raised their concern over the government move to reprint the constitution in line with the court verdict.’ 
‘Many jurists and political scientists have said that the constitution can be amended only by parliament under Article 142 of the constitution. As such, unless parliament approves any part or whole of it, the court judgment cannot be effective in constitution amendment matter.’
New Age editorially said the government was ‘betraying its intent to circumvent its constitutional obligations’.
‘The master stroke, so to speak, is the prime minister’s assertion or assurance, whichever way one puts it, that restoration of secularism as a fundamental policy of the state would not entail any ban on religion-based party, especially those named after Islam. Why then, one might ask, the restoration of secularism as a fundamental policy of the state? Just for the sake of it?’ the newspaper said.
 




								Category : International.
								Tags: Asia, Bangladesh.


$917 mn finance for Madhya Pradesh power plant






Recent News


Three killed in Iraq blast
Zayed blessed with second baby boy
Tiger gave Indian cricket ‘rockstar’ image: Big B
Czech Airlines launches Abu Dhabi-Prague flights
Mamata expresses concern over flood-hit areas
Husband of village pradhan shot dead
Spain sees 35 percent growth in Indian tourists
Pataudi carved a special place in Bhopal history
Two criminals held in Delhi
US accuses Pakistan of supporting Haqqani network
Several hurt in Hague shooting
Kidnapping bid foiled
Over 200 trains cancelled in Telangana
2G scam: Opposition wants Chidambaram out, Congress backs him
Woman in veil to run for French presidency






Categories


Business

Entertainment

Health

International

National

Politics

Religion

Sports

Technology

Top Stories

Uncategorized





IANS Hindi

