China floods: More than 5m hit by in eastern China after torrential rain  | Mail OnlineClick here to print



Skip to main navigation
Skip to main content
Skip to search



 













News Home


Arts


Headlines


Pictures


Most read


News Board




My Profile


Logout


Login








Thursday, Sep 22 2011

9PM 
11°C

12AM
10°C

5-Day Forecast










More than five million hit by devastating floods in eastern China after torrential rain 



 
By 
Mail Foreign Service
Last updated at 10:44 AM on 20th June 2011







Comments (7)




 Add to My Stories




 Share





Devastating floods in eastern China have hit more than five million people in eastern China.The flooding triggered a mudslide that 
buried houses and killed two people in Zhejiang Province's Changshan county, 
while two more were killed and two left missing in Hubei Province.Torrential rains have left one million acres of farmland in the provinces under water, said the official Xinhua News Agency. 

Desperation: Farmers push a boat carrying their pigs at a flooded area in Lanxi city, Zhejiang province as torrential rain floods the country
  

To the rescue: A military boat helped farmers transport their pigs from a flooded hog pen, as citizens try to save their possessions
  

In safe hands: The farmers and military rescue the pigs from the rising tides
  So far 7,000 homes have been 
destroyed, more than a million people evacuated,1,000 business 
operations suspended and 5.7 million Chinese have had their lives 
disrupted.
Local authorities are distributing 
aid, handing out a box of instant noodles and a carton of bottled water.
But villagers have reported that survival is difficult, especially for 
those still trapped by the flood waters. 

Enlarge

 


Mind your step: Chinese students make their way across a flooded school compound walking along a row of chairs in Wuhan, in central China's Hubei province.
  

Everybody off: A driver wades through floodwater after his bus was stranded in a flooded tunnel in Wuhan
  

Have paddle will travel: : A man floats along with his homemade boat and paddle through the flooded Moshan village in Zhejiang province
  The rains follow the worst drought in 
China in over 50 years, which has decimated crop yields. The estimated 
cost of the damage is five billion yuan (Ł477 million).Earlier this month flooding in eastern and southern China left more than 170 people dead or missing.  

Water torture: A girl carries two buckets of clean water to her house through the floods in Moshan village. China's troops have now joined the aid relief operation
  

Submerged: A driver of a wedding limousine calls out for help after his car became stranded along a flooded street in Wuhan
  

Bail-out and clear-up: Chinese workers try to clear their store of flood water. The floods have claimed at least 170 lives
     Farmers said the flooding was the worst in 20 years, reducing vegetable output by 20 per cent and also causing shortages of fruits and grains. Prices for green vegetables were up 40 per cent.China has mobilised troops to help with its flood relief operation and raised its disaster alert to four -  the highest level on the scale.
 

 
Explore more:Places: China 


Share this article: 




Facebook




Twitter




Digg it




Newsvine




Delicious




MySpace




Nowpublic




Reddit





















Comments (7)


Here's what readers have had to say so far. Why not
debate this issue live on our message boards.


The comments below have been moderated in advance.






Newest




Oldest




Best rated




Worst rated



 View all




Amazing resilience - they are so resourceful, just get on with it - and smile while they're doing it - God bless 'em
- The Blonde Bunny, Somewhere, Out There, 20/6/2011 07:00

Click to rate
 
 
Rating
 

8


Report abuse


Well said , Michael Bradshaw, Dublin - Ireland.

- Izzy, Ayrshire, Scotland., 20/6/2011 01:23

Click to rate
 
 
Rating
 

3


Report abuse


Perhaps that's why the Chinese are building these 'unoccupied' cities. Think about it.
- Yea,right, Watford, 19/6/2011 21:34

Click to rate
 
 
Rating
 

3


Report abuse


Unfortunate circumstances but great picture of boys crossing the street on the chairs.
- Donna, Seattle , 19/6/2011 21:21

Click to rate
 
 
Rating
 

7


Report abuse


Fastest growing economy on the planet but I bet we still send them bucket loads of cash.....I feel sorry for those affected but they won't receive the aid.....that'll line some party members pockets..... 
- Daz, The Madhouse formally known as the UK, 19/6/2011 20:47

Click to rate
 
 
Rating
 

3


Report abuse


It's not only the natural disasters that are plaguing rural China, but what we're seeing is (partly) the result of a misguided philosophy that encourages technological solutions to policy problems with their watersheds. Most of the big and small dams of this word are found in China. Most of their floodlands are settled by people. Most of their thirsty crops are farmed in the arid North, not the more temperate South. Climate change will entail more weather extremes. My two cents: If you want to make a sensible investment: Buy a farm. And get your hands on drought and flood resistant crops. And stay the hell away from floodlands, unless it's part and parcel of your farming strategy. 
- Bumble B, Toronto, CA, 19/6/2011 18:33

Click to rate
 
 
Rating
 

4


Report abuse




The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.



We are no longer accepting comments on this article.






















 


				Find this story at www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2005497/China-floods-More-5m-hit-eastern-China-torrential-rain.html




 
 
Back to top


 
 
Navigation


 
 
Popular






Home




U.K. Home




News




Sport




U.S. Showbiz




Femail




Health




Science




Money




RightMinds




Travel




Rewards Club







Popular searches in news:

Tiger Woods
Copenhagen Climate Change Summit
Amanda Knox
Go Go Hamsters
Micro Pigs
Alexa Ray Joel





Sitemap
Newsletters
RSS
Archive
Text-based site
Top of page

Daily Mail
Mail on	Sunday
Widgets
This is Network
This is London
This is Money

Metro
Loot
Jobsite
Dating
Find	a property
Motors
Prime location
Lasting Tribute


Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group



© Associated Newspapers Ltd
Contact us
Terms
Privacy policy & cookies
Advertise with us




















