 Cowell plans ‘X Factor – The Musical’?   News




Home
About


						Thursday, 22 September 2011					
RSS





News One
News One : Mobile News for iPhone, Android and smartphones











Posted on 20th September 2011No Responses

Cowell plans ‘X Factor – The Musical’?






London, Sep 20 (IANS) Music mogul Simon Cowell is reportedly in talks to bring ‘X Factor – The Musical’ at a West End theatre.
Cowell is said to have already held talks with TV comedian Harry Hill and a top music producer to put together a humorous script which will appeal to the singing reality show’s fans.
‘Simon is excited by the idea of taking ‘The X Factor’ brand on to the London stage. He is looking at great new songs and some laughter. It would be a perfect night out for-’X Factor’ fans and former stars of the show could be involved in it,’ mirror.co.uk quoted a source as saying.
Musician Steve Brown is already coming up with ideas for music.
‘Steve is excited to be working with Simon. He has recently been invited into his inner circle, helping last year’s X Factor runner-up Rebecca Ferguson on her debut album. He also knows how to create songs which get a laugh, so he could be perfect,’ said another source.
 




								Category : Entertainment, International.
								Tags: Europe, United Kingdom, World-Entertainment.


Beckham to buy Taylor’s jewellery for Victoria14 dead in China floods






Recent News


Three killed in Iraq blast
Zayed blessed with second baby boy
Tiger gave Indian cricket ‘rockstar’ image: Big B
Czech Airlines launches Abu Dhabi-Prague flights
Mamata expresses concern over flood-hit areas
Husband of village pradhan shot dead
Spain sees 35 percent growth in Indian tourists
Pataudi carved a special place in Bhopal history
Two criminals held in Delhi
US accuses Pakistan of supporting Haqqani network
Several hurt in Hague shooting
Kidnapping bid foiled
Over 200 trains cancelled in Telangana
2G scam: Opposition wants Chidambaram out, Congress backs him
Woman in veil to run for French presidency






Categories


Business

Entertainment

Health

International

National

Politics

Religion

Sports

Technology

Top Stories

Uncategorized





IANS Hindi

