World news: China | guardian.co.uk - powered by FeedBurner
&




World news: China | guardian.co.uk

syndicated content powered by FeedBurner






...

Reset this favorite; show all Subscribe options



Subscribe Now!
...with web-based news readers. Click your choice below:







...with other readers:

(Choose Your Reader)FeedDemonNetNewsWireNewsFireNewsGator Outlook EditionRSSOwlShrookUniversal Subscription Mechanism (USM)


 View Feed XML




FeedBurner makes it easy to receive content updates in My Yahoo!, Newsgator, Bloglines, and other news readers.

Learn more about syndication and FeedBurner...

Current Feed Content



China's chance to be our economic saviour | Dean Baker


Posted: Thu, 22 Sep 2011 17:30:01 GMTPosted: 2011-09-22T17:30:01Z
The US is no longer capable of pulling the world out of economic crisis. Only China has the resources  if it chooses to use themCan China save the world economy? That is a question that people should be asking as the other potential candidates withdraw from the race. At the moment, the economies of the United States, Europe and Japan are all suffering from weak growth or worse. The debt crisis of eurozone countries threatens another financial crisis that could lead to another plunge in output, not just in Europe but throughout the world.Meanwhile, the actors who could, in principle, take steps to reverse this dismal course of events are largely paralysed. The eurozone countries are struggling with efforts to form the necessary fiscal union to support their currency. This requires creating a new legal structure, while also confronting intense political opposition in Germany and other better-off countries that will be asked support the debt of the Greece and other struggling economies.Meanwhile, the European Central Bank (ECB) is finding it difficult to break with its cult of 2.0% inflation targeting  even after the economic disaster caused by this single-minded policy focus. It actually raised its overnight rate by 0.5 percentage points in the spring, slowing growth and increasing the cost of borrowing for debt-burdened governments. The United States does not face the same imminent crisis, but it is likely to see slow growth and rising unemployment as both fiscal and monetary policy are largely checkmated by politics. Furthermore, a eurozone financial freeze-up will almost certainly lead to a double-dip recession in the US, as well.And Japan has just seen another prime minister sent packing after failing to deal effectively with the aftermath of the earthquake and tsunami. The country now has its fourth prime minister in four years.With the key actors in the wealthy countries either unwilling or unable to take the necessary steps to support the world economy, it is reasonable to ask whether China can fill the gap. Certainly, China has the ability to act as a backstop for the world economy, if it chooses to play this role.On a purchasing power parity basis, China's economy is already more than 75% as large as the US economy. It is projected exceed the size of the US economy by 2016. China also has a vast amount of reserves, holding almost $1.2tn in US dollar assets, and has close to $2tn in total reserves.It would need only a small fraction of this wealth to have an enormous impact on the sovereign debt crisis in Europe. In the case of Greece, it would need to set some floor on the value of Greek debt as an orderly restructuring is arranged. Greece has roughly $450bn in debt outstanding. Much of this debt has already been partially written down by its holders. Certainly, $100bn in debt purchases would be more than sufficient to arrange an orderly write-down and restructuring of Greece's debt to a sustainable level.The other troubled countries actually suffer primarily from a crisis of confidence more than a serious debt problem. For example, Spain has a debt to GDP ratio that is just over 60%, well within anyone's conception of manageable. Italy has a more troubling debt to GDP ratio of 120%, but has a near-balanced budget. In both cases, if interest rates could be kept at reasonable levels, the debt burden could be easily met.Interest rates on both countries' bonds have soared in recent months as the ECB has demanded harsh austerity measures at a time when the downturn has sent budget deficits soaring. The austerity measures threaten a downward spiral where weak growth leads to rising deficits, which, in turn, require further austerity measures. With the ECB determined to tell investors that sovereign debt can default, they have created a perfect recipe for a self-imposed disaster.China can reverse this picture by providing guarantees to support the bonds of these governments. By setting a floor on the price of their bonds (or a cap on interest rates), it can ensure that they can borrow at interest rates that make their debt sustainable. In addition, by easing up on the austerity measures demanded by the ECB (actually, the IMF and European Union are also actors in this story), China's intervention can help these countries to return to normal levels of growth, reducing the burden of the debt in the future. It is likely that such guarantees would never cost China anything, since the debt-burdened European governments would have little problem meeting their debt service obligations once they return to healthy growth path.This sort of intervention by China would not require altruism. Europe is a substantial market for China's exports, as is the United States. If the eurozone collapses, the resulting financial crisis and economic fallout will send China's exports plummeting, just as happened in the fall of 2008. China already intervenes to support its exports  that is why it holds almost $1.1tn in US government debt  so this idea of intervening to sustain export markets is not new to the Chinese government. The only thing that would be new would be the form of the intervention.If China were to take this path, it would provide enormous benefits to the world economy. The wealthy countries would have to acknowledge China's role as the leading economic force in the world. They would also have to acknowledge the errors of their boneheaded economic leadership that put them in a situation where they could not rescue their own economies.Global economyChinaEconomicsFinancial crisisEuroGreeceUS economyPublic financeEuropean Central BankIMFEuropean UnionUS economic growth and recessionBondsMarket turmoilDean Bakerguardian.co.uk  2011 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds



Pendulum of intellectual fashion swings over the death penalty


Posted: Thu, 22 Sep 2011 11:13:44 GMTPosted: 2011-09-22T16:14:19Z
Troy Davis's execution caused a greater outcry than usual in the US. But would justice have been better served by commutation?I was at a Scouts camp in Cornwall one brisk spring morning in 1960 when we heard that Caryl Chessman, a Californian robber and rapist, had finally been executed in the gas chamber at San Quentin jail after 12 years on death row. Years later, I discovered that my future Guardian boss, Ian Aitken  84 this week  had been one of the reporters covering his last hours.Deja vu all over again this morning when mainstream media confirmed angry overnight reaction in the Twittersphere to the news that Troy Davis was executed by lethal injection in a prison south of Atlanta, Georgia, in the early hours of today despite the now-familiar rituals of last minute appeals and delays, granted then overturned as in the Chessman case.This time, the process has taken 22 years since Davis was convicted of the shooting of Mark MacPhail, an off-duty policeman trying to break up a brawl. Davis died still protesting his innocence  as he had during the long legal battle for his life during which key witnesses tried to withdraw their evidence as Ed Pilkington, at the prison in Jackson, as Aitken was at San Quentin 51 years ago, explains here in 10 crisp points.Five hundred protesters were outside the jail, and countless prominent people and organisations around the US and the wider world appealed for clemency. The US supreme court was instrumental in ensuring that Davis's fourth execution date would be his last.A woman reporter who has witnessed 12 executions in the state (she practices detachment and always has a "very, very long shower" afterwards, she told Radio 4's Today programme) said she had not experienced such an outcry before.She also sounded a bit perky for my taste, but seemed satisfied that the evidence against Davis was solid. To many people in many countries, that detail will matter. To others, the principle that capital punishment  the state taking lives in cold blood  is the only thing that matters and is wrong in any circumstances.Broadly speaking, that is the European view nowadays, though the abolitionist movement has grown worldwide in recent decades  96 countries have abolished the death penalty compared with 16 barely 30 years ago.Russia is one of them, whereas the US (46 executions in 2010) and China  an estimated 5,000  are not. Iran (252-plus) and North Korea (62-plus) are in the No 2 and No 3 spot, Muslim states being most conspicuous on the execution list. Japan executed two people.Plenty of ironies to chew over in that list. Europe, the most godless continent, opposes capital punishment but is a world leader in promoting abortion. China, at least, has the consistency of supporting what some call the "double death" approach.Today's Times carries a report on Davis's impending death but a more censorious and prominent one on Iran's execution of a 17-year-old  in public and from a crane.Alireza Molla-Soltani had also been convicted of murder, killing a well-known athlete after a driving dispute as recently as July (they don't hang around with appeals in Iran). He claimed to have acted in self-defence and called out for his mother as the crowd cried: "Allah Akbar". His age  officials claimed he was 18 by their calendar  amounts to a breach of international law, critics say.By coincidence (not?), President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is due to address the UN general assembly today, his usual fiery anti-western rant, doubtless inflamed by persistent speculation that the clerical authorities who call the shots  and hangings  in Iran are getting fed up with his economic mismanagement.We know the feeling, don't we? Also in New York, David Cameron's speech, the BBC reports in the adjoining item to Troy Davis's execution, will call on the international community to intervene more, Libya-style, "to stop repressive regimes from slaughtering their own people". Another irony there, then  it will probably go unremarked at Turtle Bay.But examination of the Davis case requires several threads to be unpicked. Those who oppose capital punishment in all circumstances don't have a problem  it's always wrong. I don't take that view.States and societies have reserved the right to execute people for a variety of crimes  from treason to stealing a loaf of bread  down the ages, and some still do. The pendulum of intellectual fashion, if I can call it that (I think I will) moves both ways over time, allowing everyone to take a turn at feeling superior.In the US, the issue is one for the 50 states to decide, not a federal issue under the constitution of 1787. Most still do it occasionally, 14 (plus the District of Columbia) don't, mostly in the mid-west and north-east. Michigan alone never has done.In Britain, abolitionists have been reducing the list of capital crimes for 200 years and had it suspended for murder in 1965 (mainland only), made permanent in 1969. The last offences  including treason  went in 1998, and the UK signed the 13th protocol of the European convention on human rights in 2003-4, so there the decision remains for the future.During the course of the 20th century, we seem to have executed nearly 700 people. Were mistakes made? Of course, and it was Timothy John Evans's hanging in 1950 on the evidence of the serial murderer John Christie which crucially turned public opinion  and home secretaries  away from the practice. But the other side can argue, and does, that mistakes that allow killers to kill again also results in the deaths of innocents. It's a powerful point too.In the case of Davis, things seem, if not straightforward, then at least to have a balance of propriety. Too many young  Davis was 20 at the time  African American men go to jail in the US and disproportionately too many go to the execution cell. Race is an aggravating factor, even now, and especially in the south, even now.It's never wise to second-guess learned courts which have been through the evidence as the US supreme court  African American members included  has done and upheld the verdict of lower courts. Why has this case become a cause celebre when others do not? Perhaps because the weight of evidence against a safe conviction is, as Pilkington reports, so heavy. But perhaps for other reasons.Beyond dispute is the idea that appeals can drag on for 20 years. Who benefits? Mostly lawyers, I imagine, though sometimes a reprieved or acquitted defendant. There are too many lawyers in America and not enough justice, I suspect. My sense is that justice might better have been served here by commutation  but American courts, like everyone else's, do not like to be told what to do by well-meaning foreigners.An eloquent example of the search for justice surfaced this week in the person of former policeman John Murray, who cradled the dying Pc Yvonne Fletcher in his arms after she was shot by unknown Libyan official(s) from their London embassy in 1984.The suspects were expediently allowed home, Blair-style, by Margaret Thatcher's government. But Murray promised his colleague he would find her killers and have them brought to justice.In liberated Libya this week, he seems to be fulfilling his pledge.Troy DavisCapital punishmentUnited StatesState of GeorgiaUS supreme courtChinaRussiaEuropeHuman Rights ActHuman rightsIranMiddle EastMichael Whiteguardian.co.uk  2011 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds



Stock markets tumble after Operation Twist  and doubt


Posted: Thu, 22 Sep 2011 09:25:00 GMTPosted: 2011-09-22T14:16:23Z
US Federal Reserve strategy to calm financial markets causes investor fright as markets from London to Asia plungeStock markets tumbled on Thursday and the pound slumped to a one-year low against the US dollar as investors took fright at a gloomy warning about the world economic outlook from the US central bank.The US Federal Reserve's Operation Twist  its latest attempt to stimulate the American economy  failed to calm financial markets. The FTSE 100 index in London plunged 266 points to 5022, a 5% drop. Other European markets also suffered heavy losses.In Asia, the Nikkei closed down 2.1%, Hong Kong's Hang Seng tumbled 4.9% and the Jakarta stock market lost nearly 9%. On Wall Street, the Dow Jones index fell 3% in early trading, down 346 points at 10,778.The sell-off came after the Fed unveiled a $400bn (260bn) bond-buying plan on Wednesday to ward off a double-dip recession.Investors rushed to the safety of the US dollar, driving the pound down by one and a half cents to $1.5328, the lowest level since September 2010. The gold price also fell, losing almost $50 an ounce to $1,729.The City had been "left reeling" by the sharply negative tone adopted by the Fed on Wednesday night, when it warned that the US economic recovery was at risk, said Joshua Raymond, chief market strategist at City Index."The negative tone struck by the Fed in terms of the serious headwinds and downside risks facing the US economy sent a ripple through the markets," said Raymond.In Europe, the European Central Bank came under pressure to take action itself after a worsening in the services and manufacturing sectors sparked warnings that the economic recovery was definitely over. This was exacerbated by news that industrial orders in the eurozone slid for the second month in a row in July.Federal Reserve gloomThe Fed's open markets committee said the economic outlook had deteriorated sharply, noting there were "significant downside risks" to its economic forecasts and indicating that a full recovery was years away. "Recent indicators point to continuing weakness in overall labour market conditions, and the unemployment rate remains elevated," it said.This drove the Dow Jones down 2.5% on Wednesday, while the Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 3%. The dollar hit a seven-month high on Thursday as investors scrambled for safety.Commodities tumbled on news that Chinese factory output had shrunk for a third month in September as flagging overseas demand put the brakes on new orders. Brent crude oil lost more than $2 to $107.50 a barrel, while US crude dropped $3 to $82.92 a barrel. Copper lost 3.3% on the London Metal Exchange, falling to a 10-month low of $8,028.75 a tonne."It is another blow after the Fed's language about downside risks on the economy really hurt sentiment," David Thurtell of Citigroup in Singapore told Reuters.The Fed's move came on same day that the Bank of England was also getting ready to pump more money into the British economy.Double twist"Operation Twist", named after a similar measure launched in the 1960s under President Kennedy, will see the Fed buying $400bn (258bn) of long-term Treasury bonds by June 2012 and selling shorter-term debts. The measure is aimed at driving down long-term interest rates across the economy, in an attempt to reduce the cost of borrowing for indebted homeowners and struggling firms.In another effort to help the ailing US housing market, the Fed chairman, Ben Bernanke, said that as the mortgage-backed securities it owns matured, it would reinvest the proceeds in buying new mortgage bonds. Economists called the measures a "double twist".Gary Jenkins, head of fixed income at Evolution Securities, said: "Twist and doubt? You have to hand it to the Fed. They have gone all retro on us and persuaded the market to call their latest attempt at intervention 'Operation Twist' rather than 'QE 3'. The latter might imply that the first two attempts didn't quite work out as hoped so far better to change the name."He added: "The basic idea is of course to stimulate economic growth by persuading investors into risk assets  the one thing that is clear is that Mr Bernanke is prepared to use all the weapons in his armoury in order to try and ensure that the US does not enter a long period of low growth, so Operation Twist may not be the last intervention unless it works. And of course the UK is about to follow suit."Paul Ashworth, chief US economist at Capital Economics, was not convinced Operation Twist would do much good. "The big question is whether this latest action will accomplish anything. We doubt it. Judging by the modest rally in 10-year treasury yields since the announcement, most of this was already priced in."More generally, the cost of borrowing simply isn't the problem. Businesses don't have the confidence to invest and half of all mortgage borrowers don't have the home equity needed to refinance at lower rates."Global economyStock marketsUS economyEconomicsUS economic growth and recessionInterest ratesUS Interest ratesGlobal recessionRecessionQuantitative easingFTSENikkeiDow JonesUnited StatesJapanChinaAustraliaBank of EnglandJulia Kolleweguardian.co.uk  2011 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds



David Cameron to urge world leaders to protect civilians


Posted: Wed, 21 Sep 2011 23:04:48 GMTPosted: 2011-09-21T23:15:24Z
Prime minister will use his speech at the United Nations to ask international community to act against repressive regimesDavid Cameron will issue a plea on Thursday to world leaders to be prepared to intervene again when civilians are massacred by repressive regimes as he warns that the UN is in danger of losing its nerve after the campaign in Libya.In his most wide ranging speech on foreign policy as prime minister, Cameron will declare that the UN must change its ways if it is to avoid losing the opportunity provided by the Arab spring.Speaking to the UN general assembly, Cameron will say: "You can sign every human rights declaration in the world, but if you stand by and watch people being slaughtered in their own country when you could act, then what are those signatures really worth?"The UN has to show that we can be not just united in condemnation, but united in action, acting in a way that lives up to the UN's founding principles and meets the needs of people everywhere."Britain fears that China and Russia, both of which are angry that the military action in Libya went further than envisaged, are planning to block action in the future against other states. Britain is keen to agree to tough new sanctions against Syria, where more than 2,000 people have died since the uprising against the Assad regime.Cameron will not name Moscow and Beijing, though he will make it clear that momentum is in danger of being lost when he says: "The international community has found its voice in Libya. We must not now lose our nerve. We must have the confidence to speak out and act as necessary to support those who seek new freedoms."The prime minister, who received a rapturous reception with Nicolas Sarkozy in Tripoli and Benghazi last week, arrived in New York on Wednesday bolstered by the success of the Libya campaign. He briefed Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton, the US secretary of state, on his visit to Libya, during a 30-minute meeting .Obama praised Cameron as "outstanding" and hailed the Anglo-American special relationship. "Obviously there is an extraordinarily special relationship between the United States and the United Kingdom," the president said. "I have always found Prime Minister Cameron to be an outstanding partner, so I am very grateful for his friendship, his hard work, his dedication and his leadership on the global stage."Cameron briefed the president on his speech which will draw comparisons with Tony Blair's famous Chicago oration in April 1999. In that speech, delivered during the Kosovo campaign, the former prime minister outlined what came to be known as the doctrine of liberal interventionism.Downing Street sources stressed that Cameron has a different vision to Blair, who is in New York in his role as the Middle East peace envoy. Cameron believes Libya shows the conditions that need to be met before action is taken against repressive regimes: The UN must agree to the action Other countries in the region must be supportive in the way that the Arab League supported the no-fly zone over Libya Action must be tailored to the needs of the particular country in question.These conditions mean that the most immediate action envisaged by the prime minister  against Syria  will involve tougher sanctions, but not military action. Cameron will condemn the Assad regime, though he will stop short of demanding fresh sanctions."On Syria, it is time for the members of the security council to act. Of course we should always act with care when it comes to the internal affairs of a sovereign state. But we cannot allow this to be an excuse for indifference in the face of a regime that week after week arrests, intimidates, tortures and kills people who are peacefully trying to make their voices heard."Cameron said the Arab spring showed that the Palestinians have the right to live in a "viable" state. But he made clear Britain's unease with Mahmoud Abbas's plans to make a declaration of statehood when he said the focus should be on the resumption of negotiations with Israel. The prime minister, who discussed the Palestinian plans with Obama, said: "No resolution can, on its own, substitute for the political will necessary to bring peace. Peace will only come when Palestinians and Israelis sit down and talk to each other, make compromises, build trust and agree."The prime minister, who acknowledges that his premiership has been transformed by Libya, will hail the people of Tripoli and Benghazi for ensuring that their country did not join an infamous roll call of failure. "This revolution truly belongs to the Libyan people. The United Nations played a vital role authorising international action. But let's be clear, the United Nations is no more effective than the nation states that come together to enforce its will."On this occasion a coalition of nations across the Western and Arab world had the will to act. In so doing, they stopped Benghazi from joining Srebrenica and Rwanda in history's painful roll call of massacres the world failed to prevent."Cameron will outline how the Arab Spring presents a challenge to all regions, including Europe. These are, first, that Europe must show it can reform its aid and trade strategy. Britain believes that France is guilty of promoting protectionist barriers which block agricultural imports to the EU.He will also say that the African Union should "meet the opportunities of this century with the same courage that won liberation in the last". This will be seen as a dig at Jacob Zuma, the South African president, who was critical of the campaign against Muammar Gaddafi.David CameronArab and Middle East unrestLibyaMiddle EastAfricaSyriaBashar Al-AssadRussiaChinaUnited NationsTony BlairPalestinian territoriesIsraelNicholas Wattguardian.co.uk  2011 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds



Chinese TV journalist murdered


Posted: Wed, 21 Sep 2011 14:58:41 GMTPosted: 2011-09-21T14:58:41Z
A Chinese TV journalist who investigated a food safety scandal has been murdered. Li Xiang, 30, was found with at least stab 10 stab wounds on Sunday night in China's Henan province. He died the following day. His laptop was missing and police believe robbery was the likely motive.However, the New York-based press watchdog, the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ), has called on the Chinese authorities to conduct a thorough inquiry into whether the motive was related to his journalism.Local news reports and bloggers have linked Li's death to his reports on Luoyang TV on the illegal recycling of waste oil into cooking oil.Following his reports, police in Henan and two other provinces recovered 100 tons of the carcinogenic oil - called "gutter oil" because of its origins - and arrested 32 people for selling it.Food safety scandals are common in China, and journalists reporting on them frequently encounter harassment, according to CPJ research.Source: CPJJournalist safetyChinaFood safetyPress freedomRoy Greensladeguardian.co.uk  2011 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds



Death penalty statistics from the US: which state executes the most people?


Posted: Wed, 21 Sep 2011 12:30:00 GMTPosted: 2011-09-21T12:30:01Z
Death penalty across the US is in the news with the case of Troy Davis.  See who has been executed in the US this year and how states compare with each other  Get the data 2011 world death penalty statistics data Interactive mapUS death penalty rates will be in sharp focus this week as Troy Davis faces a lethal injection in Georgia, in the most controversial case this year. But his will not be the first case this year - there have been 33 deaths so far.Capital punishment was suspended from 1972 to 1976 - when it was resurrected by the Supreme Court.Since then, 1,264 people have been executed in America. This is how it breaks down: Texas is the big state for executions - with 474 since 1976, followed by Virginia California has more inmates on death row than any other state - 721. The state has not had any executions since a 2006 moratorium but procedures are set to restart for Albert Greenwood Brown, whose execution was suspended last year. One problem is that the state's supply of sodium thiopental has expired Texas is only behind Oklahoma if you look at the rate of executions per million population Alabama has 43 defendants on death row for every million peopleSo, who gets executed? Only 12 women have been executed since 1976. However, race is always an issue in the death penalty debate and that does seem to be backed up by the recent data. If you look at who has been executed since the beginning of 2010, it looks like this:But if you look at those numbers as a proportion of US population, it's clear that more black people get executed, compared to their share of the population.Lethal injection has become the most common form of death, with some exceptions. Last year, Ronnie Lee Gardner became the first American in 14 years to be put to death by firing squad - only the third person to die by firing squad in the US since 1977.The death penalty puts the US in some interesting company: China leads the world in executions - with thousands killed in 2010, according to Amnesty International. Since Cuba stopped carrying out executions in 2003, the US has been the only country in the Americas to execute people, with the exception of St Kitts and Nevis, where one person was put to death in 2008, according to AI.We have collated statistics from AI - and the excellent Death Penalty Information Centre to show how US capital punishment breaks down across America - and we've included the latest world estimates.In the spreadsheet below you will find: US executions in 2011 and 2010 listed by person Execution rates by US state since the reintroduction of capital punishment in 1976 Executions around the world in 2010 Method of US execution - and how many have died that wayWhat can you do with the data?Data summary Download the data DATA: download the full spreadsheetMore open dataData journalism and data visualisations from the GuardianWorld government data Search the world's government data with our gatewayDevelopment and aid data Search the world's global development data with our gatewayCan you do something with this data? Flickr Please post your visualisations and mash-ups on our Flickr group Contact us at data@guardian.co.uk Get the A-Z of data More at the Datastore directory Follow us on Twitter Like us on FacebookUnited StatesCapital punishmentUS domestic policyChinaCubaAmnesty InternationalSimon Rogersguardian.co.uk  2011 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds



Despite China's growth, its workers endure a fundamental evil | Hsiao-Hung Pai


Posted: Tue, 20 Sep 2011 15:30:01 GMTPosted: 2011-09-20T23:06:03Z
Migrants who toil in the cities still face a decades-old system of segregation and exploitation. But many are now demanding fairnessWhen I walk into Beijing's migrant worker slums, five minutes from the high-rising financial centre and shopping malls, I understand what Ai Weiwei means when he calls Beijing "a city of violence"  violence against a large section of its working population and their families. "We live under the same sky, why are we not entitled to the same rights?" is a question many ask in Xinzhuang and other migrant neighbourhoods.During the past month schools for children of migrant workers  who build the capital's offices and mansions, clean its streets and guard its security  have been shut down, with more to follow in the coming weeks. Tens of thousands of migrant children are left without schools and nurseries to go to. Here in Beijing, two worlds exist in parallel. Those of rural origin  a third of the city's 19 million population  are ruthlessly segregated from the urban dwellers, economically, socially and culturally. Despite the attempt to pretend this is a local issue and only local governments are responsible, the day-to-day injustices experienced by migrants are very much a result of central policies.The system that has maintained the rural-urban segregation within China's cities is hukou (household registration), set up in 1958 to control rural-to-urban migration. While rhetorically the peasantry was the "vanguard of the revolution"  and indeed the 1949 revolution wouldn't have been possible without them  in practice, in China's post-1949 drive to industrialisation, the peasantry became an unchangeable category of social class in the Maoist theory of the "four blocs of society" known as "new democracy" (xinminzhu zhuyi).Peasants' role was to produce and feed the cities and support the modernisation process of their motherland. Peasants' class status was fixed  as shown on their ID  no matter what they might choose to do. "Wo shi nongmin [Iam a peasant]," I've had migrant workers tell me about their class origin, as if it were a stamp on your body for life. It was impossible for peasants to move their hukou to the cities.This class status hasn't changed since Deng Xiao Ping's gaige kaifang (economic reforms and opening up), in the late 1970s. The countryside underwent de-collectivisation while it remained the nation's production backyard. Agricultural production increased in the early stage of the reforms in "releasing the productive forces", as Deng called it, but with rampant corruption and heavy taxation, the poverty deepened. Since the mid-1980s half of the 400 million rural working population have been pushed off the land, seeking a livelihood away from their villages.As rural residents came to the cities, they immediately faced discrimination and exclusion. Migrant workers' first welcome was being told to stand in the min-gong (peasant worker) queue inside train stations. And there was no way to disguise class origin: the migrants could be distinguished by their brown, tanned faces and bent backs (due to years of farm work). They spoke their own dialects instead of "proper" Mandarin. Many faced verbal abuse as soon as they arrived.In the three decades of gaige kaifang, numerous barriers have been set up to discourage their migration: the strict requirement for the unaffordable temporary residency permit, and the random street search by police. Most migrants feel they are a hidden army of labour that supplies industries and urban life with their sweat and blood while enduring second-class status.Today, when China boasts growth and foreign reserves, migrants continue to be burdened with the hukou system. The criteria for applying for a hukou remain harsh, and unreachable for most migrants, and many work for years without any status. Without hukou, they can't access services in the cities such as healthcare, education and housing. While urban dwellers pay a minimal cost for medical care, many migrants have to return home for treatment. While urban children enjoy free primary education, migrants either aren't entitled or can't afford it  monthly tuition fees in a Beijing primary school would cost a migrant parent two-thirds of their wages.A migrant activist told me: "These children aren't treated as everyone else. They're called the mobile students, who can't go to state schools. Their parents have for years sent their children to privately run schools without proper facilities or curriculum." InHaiding, Chaoyang and Daxing  the migrant-inhabited townships within Beijing  hundreds such private schools were set up. Some are run as makeshift charities, others profit-making, but they are inadequate to provide proper education. Yet education, in many people's eyes, is the only way they can lift themselves out of poverty.Some call hukou the fundamental evil. Even the government-funded National Development and Reform Commission admits it is an "institutional barrier" and believes it should be scrapped. However, these institutions aren't in the position to change things. "Protection of migrant workers' rights" is a rhetorical statement of state organisations, but the government has shown no wish to listen to migrant workers' demands. The only officially recognised channel through which migrant workers can voice their discontent is by petitioning the local authorities  a centuries-old tradition. Little happens as a result. Self-organised protests are classified as "mass incidents" and often dispersed quickly.Calls for change have so far fallen on deaf ears. Some suspect that migrant children's schools are being closed as a disincentive to future migration. Migrant workers' NGOs face constant government monitoring and pressure not to speak out. Meanwhile, the state-run trade unions are ineffective and seen by many workers as a "paper tiger".In recent years, migrants have raised their demands through protests, road blockages, sit-ins and spontaneous strikes. Although these have not always proved effective, workers have become more aware of their collective strength. In the past year they have won some improvements in wages and working conditions. Many migrant workers, now better informed, are far less willing to accept the status quo. As they grow in confidence, the regime will find it increasingly difficult to ignore their demands. China's rulers should realise now that it is in their long-term interests to listen.ChinaHsiao-Hung Paiguardian.co.uk  2011 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds



Japan anxious over defence data as China denies hacking weapons maker


Posted: Tue, 20 Sep 2011 13:42:09 GMTPosted: 2011-09-20T13:47:19Z
Cyberattack at Mitsubishi Heavy Industries worries Tokyo as it keeps information on submarines, missiles and fighter jetsChina has angrily denied suggestions that it was behind a hacking attack targeting Japan's biggest weapons contractor.Dozens of the firm's computers were infected in what reports suggested was a co-ordinated attack on Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, which may have resulted in the leak of sensitive defence information.The company, whose military inventory includes submarines, US-designed F-15 fighter jets and surface-to-air Patriot missiles, said that only network information and IP addresses might have fallen into the hackers' hands.A spokesman for the firm confirmed that 83 computers and servers at 11 locations, including Mitsubishi Heavy's headquarters in Tokyo and shipyards in Nagasaki and Kobe, had been accessed.Speculation that hackers in China were responsible grew after media reports said Chinese characters had been detected in the attack. But Hong Lei, a Chinese foreign ministry spokesman, told reporters: "The Chinese government has consistently opposed hacking activities. The law strictly prohibits this."China is one of the main victims of hacking  criticising China as being the source of the hacking attacks is not only baseless, it is also not beneficial for promoting international co-operation for internet security."Mitsubishi Heavy was criticised for failing to report the attack, and could face serious financial repercussions if a police investigation reveals that military secrets were divulged.Under its agreement with the Tokyo government, the company is required to immediately inform authorities of any suspected breach of sensitive or classified information.Defence officials were reportedly furious after learning of the attacks through recent media reports, about a month after they took place."It is up to the defence ministry to decide whether or not the information is important," Professor Yoshiyasu Takefuji, a cybersecurity expert at Keio University in Tokyo, told Reuters.Takefuji said the breach, the first of its kind involving a Japanese defence firm, had exposed the country's poor state of readiness for cyber-warfare. "This happened a month ago, and it's just in the last few days they realised how bad it was," he said. "They've been dozing for the past month."Any leak of classified information could result in large fines for Mitsubishi Heavy, which earns a tenth of its revenue from government contracts, often in partnership with US firms such as Lockheed Martin.The defence minister, Yasuo Ichikawa, said that he was not aware that any important information had been leaked.Last year, the ministry awarded Mitsubishi 215 contracts worth a combined 260bn yen (2.1bn), equivalent to almost a quarter of its annual expenditure. "We are not aware of any important data being leaked," he said. "The ministry has business ties with the company, so we will instruct it to review its information control systems."On Monday night, Japanese media reported that the scandal may escalate after IHI, which builds engine parts for fighter planes, had fallen victim to similar attacks. The Kyodo news agency reported that the websites of several government agencies had been attacked over the weekend.The national police agency said recent online message boards in China had encouraged hackers to disrupt Japanese websites ahead of the 80th anniversary on Sunday of the Mukden incident, an explosion staged by the imperial Japanese army that led to its invasion of China.JapanCybercrimeArms tradeHackingChinaComputingJustin McCurryguardian.co.uk  2011 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds



Ashdown paints picture of tough future for Britain and the west | Michael White


Posted: Tue, 20 Sep 2011 10:42:12 GMTPosted: 2011-09-20T10:50:14Z
Former Lib Dem leader says 'discontinuities' in the world will require potentially 'terrifying and dangerous adjustment' to global structuresAmid all the ritual navel gazing of a party conference, there wasn't much coverage of Paddy Ashdown's gloomy prognosis, not just for Britain, but for the wider west. If he's even half right (and he probably is), it will put the coalition's manoeuvres and Ed Miliband's finer points of policy reform into the sort of shade from which no traveller returns, even in Essex.What was he on about? Speaking on the panel at the Guardian's annual fringe debate (Allegra Stratton reports the domestic politics here), Ashdown fretted about the growing number of "discontinuities" in the world today, which will require a potentially "terrifying and dangerous adjustment" to global structures in order to realign "what we think the world is like to what the world is actually like."What did he mean? Well, that the UN is meant to be running all sorts of global activities, but is increasingly marginalised because it is structured around the world as it was in the late 1940s after the defeat of Germany and Japan.He meant that the US is still seen as the world's great economic and military power, but is increasingly in financial hock to China. That Europe is regarded as the world's No 2 economic power, but is actually in debt and confusion.I'm sure you get the picture. I bang on about such incongruities here all the time, so it was good to hear his Paddyship doing the same on a public platform. Only the Lib Dems have the courage to preach such truths to power, he insisted, among other speakers at the Birmingham conference making similar points about the party's role in the coalition.These necessary readjustments are not simply within the western sphere, US and Europe across the north Atlantic. They mark the end of a 400-year western hegemony since the decline of the Muslim Ottoman empire on Europe's eastern flank, he said, though he could have added the decay of Ming China (no relation to Ming Campbell), which too many people take for granted.India and China are returning to the centre of the world stage  "if we can't see that, we are bloody fools" he told a 700-strong lunchtime audience  and we can no longer assume that the US will be "our friend of last resort", there to rescue us from ourselves as it did twice in the 20th century. Yes to that.The US is increasingly preoccupied with the Chinese challenge in the Pacific. It has a Pacific-born president. Who has the biggest naval presence tackling Somali piracy in the Indian Ocean, he asked? Why, China  it's a mercantilist power and needs to keep its sea lanes open for trade, as Britain once did.Quite so. When Britannia ruled the waves, many pirates were Chinese. No longer. Their pirates now wear suits and come ashore to take our wealth quite legally. They are busy buying EU companies and sovereign debt at good prices, as the US once did.Counterintuitively, you may feel in view of the eurozone turbulence, Ashdown  a former diplomat, ex-special services squaddie and, later, Lib Dem leader  thinks the correct British response should be closer integration with Europe. Far from apologising for their pro-euro enthusiasm, the Lib Dems should become "even more pro-European" than they are already.Why so? Because a newly-assertive Russia, rich on oil and gas, is moving menacingly to reestablish its sphere of influence, lost when the Soviet bloc collapsed after 1989, and seeks to destablise or even break up the EU. Fanciful? I'd say not.I remain wary of this sort of integrationist talk  it's very difficult, for one thing  but not half as wary as I am about demands on the Tory right that the eurozone's weakness is David Cameron's cue to demand fresh concessions from Brussels or even (according to yesterday's Telegraph) a referendum on British EU membership. Admittedly, that demand came from Mark Pritchard MP, a nice fellow but not the sharpest pencil in the box.Pritchard called the EU "an occupying force", which shows he doesn't quite get what that phrase means.All EU member states except Britain and Sweden were subject to domestic tyranny or foreign occupation (some more than once) in the 20th century. They know the difference, as Pritchard evidently does not. A resumption of beggar-my-neighbour protectionism is increasingly on the cards. Scary stuff, though not all Lib Dems think so (Chris Huhne is cheerful), and the party conference's tone is curiously upbeat.Ashdown admits that, as party leader, he hopelessly lost the battle to shape public opinion in a pro-EU direction. Indeed he did. So it was fascinating to hear Nick Clegg make a determined effort not to abandon the pro-European standard when he popped up on Radio 4's Today programme at breakfast time. The tireless Andy Sparrow covers it in his conference live blog, beginning at around 8.30am.The DPM said he wasn't still advocating British membership of the eurozone. He ruled it out for the current parliament (2010-15), but wouldn't go further than that. No one predicted what would happen, he insisted  which isn't true. At the time, pro-euro advocates dismissed the idea that weak southern EU members, including Italy, would be allowed to join. "You can't have a currency without a state," critics said.But Clegg was on firmer ground when he said Germany and Italy were to blame for abandoning the rules of their own stability pact, which was meant to discipline sovereign borrowing to no more than 3% of GDP if I recall. Nor should debt be above 60%  yet Italy's was 115% when it joined. That's roughly what it remains, incidentally."My own view remains that if the disciplines  and they were strict fiscal disciplines  on which the euro was originally launched had been respected and adhered to, the euro would not now be in the trouble that it is," Clegg said.I'm not persuaded, but it's a courageous stance to take when others are diving off the EU boat. He deserves some credit  but he won't get it.Liberal Democrat conference 2011Liberal Democrat conferencePaddy AshdownChinaMichael Whiteguardian.co.uk  2011 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds



Himalayan quake: helicopters drop supplies to remote villages


Posted: Tue, 20 Sep 2011 09:52:28 GMTPosted: 2011-09-20T10:02:19Z
Soldiers attempt to clear mud with heavy machinery and reach settlements in mountainous regionHelicopters have dropped emergency supplies to the Himalayan villages worst-hit by the earthquake that has killed at least 81 people in India, Nepal and China, while earthmovers pushed through debris clogging nearby valleys.Soldiers in the north-eastern Indian state of Sikkim cleared a path to Mangan, one of the towns closest to the epicentre of Sunday's 6.9-magnitude quake, but many other communities remained cut off and authorities fear the death toll will rise once rescuers reach them.Indian army helicopters ferried rescuers and dropped food and supplies to still-inaccessible villages in Sikkim, a sparsely populated and almost entirely mountainous region that was an independent protectorate before becoming an Indian state in 1975. It borders Nepal, Bangladesh, Bhutan and the Chinese region of Tibet.The quake killed at least 50 people in Sikkim, said the state's top official, Karma Gyatso.India's home secretary, RK Singh, told reporters that 12 people had been killed in West Bengal and six others in Bihar state. Authorities in neighboring Nepal reported six deaths, while China's official Xinhua news agency reported seven deaths in Tibet.Army helicopters were still conducting aerial surveys of the quake zone, though local authorities have already reported extensive damage to homes and buildings across Sikkim, Gyatso said.In Nepal, officials said six people had been killed when houses collapsed near the capital, Kathmandu, bringing down an earlier figure of seven deaths due to the quake.The region has been hit by major earthquakes in the past, including in 1950 and 1897.IndiaNatural disasters and extreme weatherNepalTibetChinaguardian.co.uk  2011 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds



Obama's envoy for climate change casts doubt on Kyoto protocol


Posted: Mon, 19 Sep 2011 20:38:22 GMTPosted: 2011-09-21T10:41:55Z
Todd Stern hints progress at climate talks in South Africa may stall with insistence on limits on greenhouse gas emissionsPresident Barack Obama's chief climate change negotiator has issued a warning over the future of the Kyoto protocol, casting doubt on a key plank of international climate talks this December in South Africa.Todd Stern, the US president's envoy for climate change, said the European Union was the only remaining "major player" that would potentially support a continuation of the protocol after its provisions expire in 2012. The lack of support from other countries bodes ill for the forthcoming talks at Durban.The Kyoto protocol is an international agreement that imposes limits on the greenhouse gas emissions from some signatory countries that was negotiated in the Japanese city of Kyoto in 1997.Kyoto is the only treaty which binds nearly all of the world's industrialised countries to cut their greenhouse gas emissions but Stern cast doubt on its future."Of the major players in the Kyoto protocol, my sense is that the EU is the only one still considering signing up in some fashion to a second commitment period. Japan is clearly not, Russia is not, Canada is not and Australia appears unlikely."His words were the broadest hint yet by one of the most influential figures at the talks that the negotiations may stall unless the Kyoto protocol is dropped.Behind the scenes, many experts are advising that arguments over the future of the protocol are likely to be fruitless. Sir David King, the British government's former chief scientific advisor, told the Guardian recently that the protocol should be dropped, as it was only an impediment to reaching a new international agreement on averting global warming.The future of the protocol is a key question at the United Nations climate negotiations, because most big developing countries have stipulated that the 1997 treaty must be continued as a condition of any future climate change agreement.Those developing countries are furious that rich countries are thinking of dumping the hard-fought protocol, which they insist must be the foundation of any future agreement.Disagreement between developed and developing countries on whether to ditch the protocol was one of the biggest reasons why the Copenhagen climate summit in 2009 failed to reach a clear conclusion.The US does not take part in Kyoto protocol discussions, because it has never ratified the treaty and the current administration has followed its predecessor in vowing not to do so.However, as the chief climate change negotiator for the world's biggest economy, Stern's views carry enormous weight in the debate on possible future international measures."The Kyoto protocol is one of the toughest if not the toughest part of the negotiations," Stern admitted. "The US is not part [of those discussions] but what happens to [the protocol] is relevant to whether there will be understandings on future regimes [and these] are still controversial and difficult subjects."He said that the US had participated, in recent days, in international "conversations about future regimes" on controlling greenhouse gas emissions, and the question of whether there should be a single global regime on cutting emissions or one that could run concurrently with a continuation of the Kyoto protocol. Other issues discussed included whether any future regime should be legally binding.However, Stern said there had been no discussions on trying to find a way forward among a smaller number of countries, outside the UN process. Some countries have privately criticised the UN process for the unwieldy and bureaucratic nature of its negotiations.Stern warned that the US would not countenance a new climate regime that contained "escape hatches" for some countries, and hinted that countries now labelled as "developing" should be drawn into taking on obligations on emissions."It could not be on the basis of categories of countries that were articulated in 1992 [when the parent treaty to the Kyoto protocol was signed]," he said. In that parent treaty, the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change, to which the US is a signatory, economies such as China, India and Brazil were judged to be developing and thus escaped obligations to cut their emissions.However, the rapid growth of these economies in the past two decades has changed the international scene, in the US view.Stern's words were an indication that big emerging economies such as China  the world's second biggest economy by output  must take on legally binding obligations if the US were also to consider doing so.At the negotiations in Copenhagen and last year in Cancun, China, India and a few other big emerging economies agreed to curbs on the future growth of their emissions but fell short of pledging absolute reductions, and the resulting agreements do not have the legal status of a fully articulated treaty like the Kyoto protocol.Stern insisted that he was "not pessimistic" about the prospect of important progress being made at Durban towards a new international agreement on climate.No one expects that any significant new agreement will be signed this year. There will be another, bigger conference at the end of next year in Rio de Janeiro. This article was amended on 20 and 21 September 2011. The original said the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change judged the economies of China, India and Brazil as "developed". This has been corrected. It also referred to some signee countries. This has also been corrected.Kyoto protocolClimate changeClimate changeUnited StatesObama administrationUnited NationsChinaIndiaBrazilFiona Harveyguardian.co.uk  2011 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds



Rescue effort continues after Himalayan earthquake kills dozens


Posted: Mon, 19 Sep 2011 17:44:37 GMTPosted: 2011-09-20T00:40:32Z
Heavy rain and thick cloud hamper relief operations after more than 100,000 homes in India, Nepal and Tibet were hitRescuers are battling heavy rain and thick cloud as they try to reach villages cut off by mudslides after a powerful earthquake killed at least 63 people and damaged more than 100,000 homes in India, Nepal and Tibet.Thousands of soldiers and rescue workers continued to pull victims from rubble as the number of deaths climbed to 35 in the north-eastern Indian state of Sikkim, site of the epicentre of the 6.9-magnitude quake that rattled through the Himalayas on Sunday night.Thick cloud prevented helicopters from flying over parts of the affected areas, but some mountain passes blocked by landslides had been reopened, police said."The earthquake has loosened the hill faces, and when it rains it causes landslides. So the situation is still very dangerous," said Deepak Pandey, a spokesman for the Indo-Tibetan border police. More than 400 people had been rescued overnight, he said, including some in the worst-hit area of Pegong in the north.Although it may take days for the final number of fatalities to be confirmed, border police said they did not think the death toll would rise significantly.More than 6,000 troops have been drafted in to clear concrete slabs, bricks and mud and reach scores of people trapped under collapsed houses.India's home secretary, Raj Kumar Singh, said that airforce helicopters had dropped food to villages, airlifted a medical team, evacuated the injured and conducted damage assessments. Heavy construction equipment had also been used to clear some of the blocked roads."The rescue and relief operations are in full swing, though they were hampered  by poor weather," he said, "[but] there may still be villages where people are trapped under collapsed houses that we have not been able to reach."Singh said that at least 10 of those who died in Sikkim worked for the same hydroelectric project. At least 13 other people were killed in the neighbouring Indian states of Bihar and West Bengal, he added. Eight people died in Nepal, and China's official Xinhua news agency reported seven deaths in Tibet.Most of the deaths occurred when houses already weakened from recent monsoon rains collapsed because of the force of the quake.By midday on Monday, workers had managed to clear landslides from one lane of the main highway connecting Sikkim with the rest of India, and an initial convoy of 75 paramilitaries had started moving toward Mangan, the village closest to the quake's epicentre, officials said.In Gangtok, Sikkim's capital, 42 miles south-east of the epicentre, police said they had cordoned off the office of the state's top elected official after the building was severely damaged. TV footage showed buckled buildings, cracked pavements and two major roads collapsed. Shops, businesses and offices were closed in the town and neighbouring settlements, and many areas remained without electricity. Water supplies were scarce because of burst pipes and telephone communication was patchy.Nepal's government said at least eight people died there, including two men and a child who were killed when part of the perimeter wall of the British embassy compound in Kathmandu collapsed. A spokesman for the UK Foreign Office confirmed the incident, adding that it "deeply regrets" the death of the three Nepali citizens and the injuries to others."The ambassador met with and offered his condolences to the local community on Sunday evening and met with relatives of the victims on Monday[yesterday] morning," he said. "The embassy will continue to do everything possible to help the local community and the government of Nepal."In West Bengal, utility workers toiled through the night to restore power to a large swath of the state which plunged into darkness after power lines were snapped.The earthquake, which was followed by several aftershocks, was felt as far away as the Indian capital. An official from the UN's disaster management team in New Delhi said that humanitarian assistance would still be needed even if casualties turned out to be low, as people who lost their homes would need food and shelter.The region has been hit by major earthquakes in the past, including in 1950 and 1897.Natural disasters and extreme weatherChinaIndiaNepalTibetSam Jonesguardian.co.uk  2011 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds



China's boom in 'citizen candidates' sparks backlash


Posted: Mon, 19 Sep 2011 15:36:26 GMTPosted: 2011-09-20T01:17:42Z
Social media is helping growing numbers of activists campaign in low-level local polls  and the authorities are fighting backAs electoral agendas go, they may not seem terribly radical: Yang Lingyun, a 40-year Communist party stalwart, worries about her messy housing estate. Zheng Wei wants to help residents struggling with a switch in energy providers.But the two women's modest manifestos have been enough to land them in trouble with the authorities, like many more Chinese citizens seeking to stand in local elections. Beijing police detained them  and 10 more would-be candidates  for several hours on Friday, after they met to discuss the capital's forthcoming poll. Voting is not an activity most people associate with China. But every five years citizens have the chance to pick their representative for local people's congresses, the lowest bodies in the tiered parliamentary system and the only ones determined by direct elections.The 2m places are usually claimed by carefully vetted candidates, but in theory anyone can stand if 10 constituents back them. While Beijing has a handful of independent representatives, Yang, Zheng and their friends are part of a surge of people seeking to use this law in the new election season, which began this summer and runs until next year. Li Fan, of the World and China Institute thinktank, estimates there are tens of thousands of "citizen candidates" this time. "Firstly, people's civic and rights awareness has been enhanced," he said. "Secondly, the relationship between the state and government is worse than before. People dealing with issues like rights protection, layoffs and housing don't have other methods  thirdly, Weibo [China's Twitter-like microblog service] plays an important role.""In 2006 media were not allowed to report [on independent candidates]. This year there is social media, providing a platform for people to communicate thoughts, exchange ideas and support each other."Would-be representatives are posting messages on Weibo, uploading videos, even producing campaign T-shirts. Zheng and her friends have natty red sashes and a large banner that says: "Honoured to take part in the election for the people's congress". But their zeal has been matched by official attempts to impede them. Despite Friday's detentions, Beijing is considered one of the more tolerant areas. Authorities in other places have used technicalities to disqualify would-be candidates, have threatened nominators and have harassed those seeking to stand.The law states that local election committees must "confirm" candidates; many have simply been omitted from the final list of names.Liu Ping, a labour activist in eastern Jiangxi province, was detained at a hotel until the poll had passed. In Hangzhou, Xu Yan quit his job but stayed in the race when tax officials began investigating his employers. In Guangzhou, Liang Shuxin  a male party member  was suddenly told only female non-communists could stand.  Though the rule was subsequently withdrawn, he did not appear on the candidate list.Many of these people are long-term activists and some see making the elections meaningful as a possible stepping stone to wider changes in China's political system. But for the most part, their aims are notably restrained. The Beijing group talks of supporting isolated old people, improving relations between neighbours and making sure young children have nursery places."They are not really independent candidates in the sense of partisan politics. They are simply citizens who are running of their own accord and want to truly represent the people," said Dr Yawei Liu of the Carter Centre's China programme.Local congresses are largely rubber-stamp bodies, but Liu pointed out that powers such as approving budgets were potentially important."If there are enough of these candidates around they will be able to hold the government accountable. Hence, there seem to be efforts to prevent them from running," he said.Others think the authorities fear independent representatives could encourage growing assertiveness among the public in general.The increased pressure appears to be counterproductive in many cases. Liu Ping's detention prompted others to launch their own campaigns. Zheng Wei wants to sue police for detaining her on Friday and still plans to stand for election. "Every time I went to register they told me to wait at home and they would come to register me, but so far no one has come," she said. "Our previous experience of rights protection has been filled with trouble, but we strengthen our determination in the face of difficulties."ChinaHuman rightsSocial mediaSocial networkingTania Braniganguardian.co.uk  2011 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds



Beer company threatens Tibetan antelope


Posted: Mon, 19 Sep 2011 10:52:41 GMTPosted: 2011-09-19T13:54:37Z
Snow Beer is offering customers an expedition to the Tibetan Plateau that is supposedly off-limits to everyone except scientistsA promotion for the world's best-selling beer encroaches on the protected breeding ground of the Tibetan antelope, according to Chinese conservationists who are campaigning against the commercial exploitation of one of the planet's most unique nature reserves.Snow Beer  which is partly owned by the London-based SABMiller brewery company  is offering its customers an expedition to Kekexili, a remote region high on the Tibetan Plateau that is supposed to be off-limits to everyone except scientists with permission from the national government.Marketing officials have said the tour  part of the company's annual "Challenging the World" promotion  will lift the veil on the "No Human zone" in Kekexili and promote environmental awareness. Participants are now being selected for a scheduled trip in October, but conservation groups are opposed on the grounds that it could encourage other companies and tour groups to enter a region that is famed for a dramatic conservation success story.Kekexili  also known as Hoh Xil  is one of the least populated areas on earth. It has been a national reserve since 1995, but for many years after it was the site of a murderous conflict between poachers and the Wild Yak Brigade, a patrol of vigilantes committed to protecting endangered species.Chief among them was the chiru, or Tibetan antelope, which was almost hunted to extinction due to the demand of wealthy foreign consumers for its fine shahtoosh wool. A gritty 2004 film about their plight and the killing of the brigade's leader prompted the government to strengthen protection. Chiru numbers have since started to recover and the animal was made a mascot for the Beijing Olympics.Conservationists say the brewery's proposed tour would be a setback."This is China's most precious nature reserve. There are explicit prohibitions against crossings," said Wu Zhu, the conservationist heading the campaign against the promotion tour. "It has a 'No Human Zone', which as the name implies, is not supposed to be visited by anyone, yet Snow have gone ahead with their promotion even before they have permission."The managers of Kekexili Natural Reserve said Snow Beer has requested permission to enter the region, but no approval has been granted. "We haven't decided whether to allow them to cross the outer band of the reserve, but they will definitely not be permitted to enter the core or buffer areas," said the director of the administration bureau, who gave only his surname, Wang.There have been previous transgressions. The Chinese Academy of Sciences has reportedly brought businessmen to the area in the name of research, Ericcson is said to have taken in high-end clients and the Comfort Travel Agency in Shandong has offered trips for photographers."We have not paid enough attention in the past, but this time we will closely follow Snow," said Zhu.The brewery is easier to target as it has strong brand and controls a fifth of the Chinese market. Thanks to the surging Chinese economy, Snow overtook Budweiser in 2008 as the world's most popular beer and now sells over 16bn pints a year. Other conservationists said there was a problem of social injustice if wealthy companies and individuals were allowed to buy their way into protected areas, though they did not rule out all human activity in the region."We have to consider whether visits are useful for overall conservation. In this case, Snow are only engaged in public relations. This is motivated purely by commercial interests," said Feng Yongfeng, of the Green Beagle NGO.Snow Beer did not respond to the Guardian's questions. The company was quoted as telling the Global Times that its aim was to raise public awareness about Kekexili, "remove the mysterious mask of the uninhabited area" and "advocate the pioneer spirit of our brand". Additional reporting by Han ChengConservationWildlifeAnimalsChinaJonathan Wattsguardian.co.uk  2011 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds



Busan conference offers chance to tackle aid effectiveness | Jonathan Glennie


Posted: Mon, 19 Sep 2011 06:00:01 GMTPosted: 2011-09-19T06:00:01Z
The time is right for a bold attempt to draw all countries together behind clear principles on aid, which could mean giving the OECD and UN a dual role in enforcing themThe fourth High Level Forum (HLF4) on Aid Effectiveness looks set to be a huge conference, with 2,000 delegates expected from all ends of the earth. It needs to have a huge impact to be worth the effort and money invested. After many months of uncertainty a consensus is beginning to emerge about what that impact might be: a "twin-track" approach.On the one hand, the principles agreed in Paris six years ago to cover aid from OECD countries (known as overseas development assistance, or ODA) need to be re-emphasised. Progress has been slow, especially among donor countries, but there has been progress nonetheless. The principles are not perfect, but they are better than nothing.The existence of a monitoring bureaucracy, however flawed the indicators being monitored, has led to improvements in aid efficiency in many countries and, crucially, a new tone to the relationships between donor and recipient. Recipient countries are demanding more, and donors are under pressure to comply. In return, recipient countries are improving aid and budget management.But there is a second area of work that needs to be tackled head-on if it is to be relevant at the forum in Busan, South Korea, in November. The rise of the emerging powers, such as China and the other BRIC countries (Brazil, Russia and India), has challenged traditional concepts of "aid". As recently as 2005, when the Paris Declaration was signed, the magnitude of the shift occurring in the sources and types of development finance (public, private and blended) was not fully appreciated. Today, it is impossible to fail to factor it in. In some poor countries China is now the major source of development finance.The overriding weakness of the Paris Declaration is that it does not cover non-OECD official assistance providers and other development finance sources. The Paris Principles are not, as is sometimes thought, a blueprint for an ideal aid relationship. They were useful correctives to the specific aid activities of most development assistance committee (DAC) members, and continue to be so.But they are not appropriate for other sources of funding. China, for example, has little interest in untying aid, with 40% of its aid delivered as a finished product (for example, a fully built road). The resurgence of interest in south-south co-operation gives us clues as to how aid will look in the coming era, with mutual interest replacing apparent charity as the prime motive.The coming era of development will not be defined by traditional aid. By seeking principles that can govern all finance flows, even eventually private ones, the world moves beyond esoteric debates about whether flows, such as climate finance, non-ODA (pdf) official flows and complex blends of private-public flows, should be treated as aid or not.That is why Andrew Rogerson and I have published a short opinion piece for the Overseas Development Institute, arguing that global reach is the most important prize at Busan. The Busan meeting's main objective should be to reach global agreement on a few basic principles to govern all major forms of development finance. These principles should primarily be signed by all countries, international finance institutions and philanthropic organisations (including NGOs). Private sector umbrella bodies should also be encouraged to sign.The risk of expanding the mandate to all flows is that traditional donors take their eyes off the ball with regard specifically to aid effectiveness. Conversely, Paris failed to link aid effectiveness principles to concrete development outcomes, and to capture the key political changes in a fast-changing world.A focus on basic principles of development finance is a happy medium, broad enough to bring on board new players in a new global partnership, but specific enough to be meaningful.Voluntary principles are not exactly the most exciting weapons in the international development armoury. Observed as much in their circumvention as in their fulfilment, they are painfully ineffective at creating the kind of rapid improvements most of us want to see. But they are often the best we can do, given the reluctance of powerful entities to submit to binding approaches. And they often set the tone of an era. We recognise the limits of what voluntary principles can achieve, but believe they will help nudge development financers towards better practices.These principles should be applicable to all cross-border flows (as long as there is an entity that can sign up to them), unambiguously positive for development (ie it is inconceivable that development outcomes could be improved through reduced adherence), and measurable, preferably quantitatively.Once principles have been broadly agreed, further work can be done, by institutions that have a broad-based mandate, to make them technically applicable. Other principles (covering traditional ODA, climate finance, responsible investment, extractive industries and many more types of finance) will remain intact, as subsets of these overarching principles.The time is right for a bold attempt to draw all countries together behind clear principles that matter for development finance. Increasingly those responsible for the organisation of Busan are agreeing that this "twin-track" approach is the best way forward. The OECD DAC would remain the enforcer of the Paris principles covering DAC aid. But the UN would increasingly take on the role of encouraging the take up of the broader principles by all countries.If Busan flunks it and fails to grapple with this broader agenda it will still be playing out the endgame of a previous era, rather than defining the new one.AidChinaSouth KoreaJonathan Glennieguardian.co.uk  2011 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved. | Use of this content is subject to our Terms & Conditions | More Feeds





FeedBurner delivers the world's subscriptions wherever they need to go. Publish a feed for text or podcasting? 
You should try FeedBurner today.


