About EIN News

This is a service of  a digital news provider





 




Home



About EIN
Services
Publications
Submit News
Contact







call us today at 202 657 5158
EIN Home → About
About EIN News
Thousands of leading companies, institutions and global professionals from business, industry, and government rely on EIN News as an indispensable online media monitoring resource. 
Founded in 1995, EIN News is an international leader in online news monitoring and digital information services.  We are news professionals and technologists dedicated to producing the fastest and most comprehensive online news index on the planet. We are committed to providing our members with the highest quality software tools and resources available.
EIN News has created a proven and robust propriety technical platform. Our systems continuously scan the web, indexing news from thousands of worldwide sources. The data is then filtered according to specific needs and the processes supervised by a team of professional news editors. 
EIN News is a division of Internet Product Development Group (IPD Group, Inc.)
For more information, complete the form belowor call us at 202 657 5158


name:company:email:telephone:subject:
Do not fill this:
message:




 







     © 2005-2011 IPD Group, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
     | User Agreement 
     | Privacy Policy
     | Contact







COMPANY BACKGROUND
About EIN News · Established in 1995, EIN News began by supplying business professionals and individuals with relevant and interesting news products. It has grown to become the largest digital news provider in Europe.
Member List · See the partial member list and join a community of professionals from private industry, institutions, and governments that rely on EIN as a critical source for research, breaking news and media services.


OTHER EIN NEWS SERVICES
News Publications · In-depth geopolitical and industry specific news coverage aggregated from 35,000 online outlets. Updated every 15 minutes.
News Alerts · Receive a free selection of the day's top stories hand picked by EIN News editors.
Newsfeed Maker · Integrate customized newsfeeds in any format covering all industry and geopolitical topics, updated every 15 minutes.
EIN Presswire · Upload press releases to the EIN network and have them submitted to journalists and decision-makers worldwide.
EIN Events · Add trade events to the World Trade Shows & Business Conferences Directory. They will be shown to the people you want to reach.
Inbox Robot · Customized newsletters delivered by e-mail. Search a news index monitoring thousands of trusted media sources.
EIN Marketplace · Designed to help small businesses tap into the EIN News audience of industry professionals.






