

Red Cross Society of China
























--- SEARCH ---

 


















































WEATHER





CHINA





INTERNATIONAL





BUSINESS





CULTURE





GOVERNMENT





SCI-TECH





ENVIRONMENT





 
                    SPORTS





 
                    LIFE





 
                    PEOPLE





TRAVEL





WEEKLY REVIEW




















Learning 
                        Chinese 










Learn 
                        to Cook Chinese Dishes










Exchange 
Rates 










Hotel 
                        Service










China Calendar



















Hot Links




-----Media-----
Xinhua 
                News
Agency
People's 
                Daily
China Daily
China Radio
International
Beijing Review
China Today
China 
                Pictorial
People's China
El Popola Cinio
Chinese Literature
Other 
                web sites













China Development 
              Gateway 


Chinese Embassies




























 





 









Red Cross Society of China




 




Address: Beijing, China,100007 
Tel number: 86-10-65139999 
Fax number: 86-10-64060566 
Beneficiary's bank: Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Beijing Branch 
Swift code: icbkcnbjbjm 
Chips uid: 319913 
RMB account number: 0200001009014413252 
Website: www.redcross.org.cn 
E-mail: Rcsc@chineseredcross.org.cn The Red Cross Society of China (RCSC), the only national Red Cross society in the People's Republic of China, is a humanitarian social relief organization. Founded on March 10th 1904, the RCSC has been involved in assisting wounded soldier, helping the refugees in times of conflict and providing assistance to disaster victims. The RCSC aslso supports whenever possible relief activities in other countries and regions. After the founding of the People's Republic of China, with the support of the Central Government , the RCSC was reorganized in August, 1950 and reclaimed its legal membership in the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies. The RCSC has been contributing a lot to assisting the Government in implementing the Geneva Conventions, supporting the state development and improving the people's health. In 1993, the Standing Committee of National People's Congress officially promulgated the Red Cross Law of the People's Republic of China, which provides legal protection to the Chinese Red Cross and its work. The Red Cross of Hong Kong and Macau became highly autonomous branches of the RCSC in 1997 and 1999 respectively. Since China started its reforms and opening up policies in 1978, the RCSC has moved into a continuous and rapid development phase. Red Cross branches at different state administrative levels were restored or built up. At present, branches at the Special Administration Region of Hong Kong and of Macau, and 70,000 grassroots units, claiming a total membership of 20 million people. The RCSC has developed its activities in the humanitarian field with the support of the Government and the community. Its Disaster Preparedness/ Disaster Relief network has been initially set up, and the establishment of a computer network has greatly improved its operational capacity and emergency responds and relief. From 1987 to 1999, many serous major dissters occurred in China. The RCSC had carried out relief activities, raised more than RMB 2 billion in cash and in kind donations, and contributed to protecting victim's lives and health. Since 1982, in collaboration with the government, the RCSC has made great efforts in advocating and promoting non-remunerated blood donation. At the end of 1997, the Standing Committee of the China's National People's Conference which ensures the status and role of the RCSC in the blood donation program, and also symbolized the beginning of the non-remunerated blood donation system in China. The Red Cross Society of China has always been maintaining a good cooperative relationship with the International Committee of Red Cross, the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies and many other national societies. It also actively supports other sister national RC societies. From 1985, the RCSC was elected for two terms as a member of the Federation Governing Board and once as Vice President. The RCSC 7th National Convention in 1999 was a very important conference in the RCSC history. State President Jiang Zemin was invited again to serve as the Honorary President of the Society, and Mmd. Peng Peiyun, the Vice Chair person of the Standing Committee of National People's Congress was elected as the President of the RCS. The 7th Convention also adopted the Strategy Work Plan 2000 - 2004 of the Red Cross Society of China. In the new century, the RCSC will further the dissemination, advocacy and implementation of the Red Cross Law of the People's Republic of China. The National Society will focus on the four major tasks of disaster response and preparedness, first aid training, community service and the dissemination of the International Humanitarian Law and RC Movement knowledge, In addition it will strengthen three strategic directions of human resources development, information and advocacy, fund-raising and income generation, In co-ordination with the social spiritual civilization building and social security system, the RCSC has developed disster relief, healthe care and community service projects, to build up a Red Cross course with Chinese characteristics. The Red Cross Society of China will firmly abides by the seven Fundamental Principles of the Movement: Humanity, Impartiality, Neutrality, Independence, Voluntary Service, Unity and Universality and continue to work hard to increase its contribution towards the well-being of the Chinese people and towards world peace and progress.






 
 
 
 












 








 
 






 
 














 
 






 
 













 





Print 
            This Page
 |

Email 
            This Page











 



About 
            Us
SiteMap
Feedback
















Copyright © China Internet 
      Information Center.   All Rights Reserved
      E-mail: webmaster@china.org.cn 
         Tel: 86-10-68326688






