Channelnewsasia.com - Discussion






 
Comments sent should be in reference to a story published on the website.  We do not accept open letters, third-party letters or attachments and reserve the right to remove any comments posted.  Your email should be no longer than 600 characters and must not include any content that is or could be unlawful, defamatory, offensive, obscene, dangerous or false, or any content that is protected by copyright or other intellectual property rights. You agree that your email may be archived or reproduced in any way and in any medium and is subject to our 
              Terms and Conditions
Acceptance of Terms
1. These Terms of Use apply to all websites owned and/or operated   by MediaCorp Pte Ltd ("MediaCorp") including but not limited to www.channelnewsasia.com, www.cnachinese.com, www.xin.sg and www.teletext.sg . These Terms   of Use also apply to the various services, including all information,   communications, links, software, enewsletters, products, services, other   materials and any and all other services that may be added, offered or provided   to you from time to time (the “Services”) through this / these site(s) (the   “Site” which shall include the Services).
2. By accessing or using the Site, you agree to be legally bound   by these Terms of Use.  
3. These Terms of Use may be revised or updated from time to   time. The revised or updated Terms of Use will be posted on the Site and your continued use of the Site shall be deemed and construed as   your conclusive and binding acceptance of the revision or updated terms.
4. In addition, particular service(s) added, offered or provided   to you through the Site, may be subject to additional guidelines and/or rules.   In such an event, all such guidelines and/or rules shall be deemed incorporated   in these Terms of Use by reference. MediaCorp may also offer other services that   are governed by different terms of service / terms of use. Use of such other   services shall accordingly be subject to such different terms of service / terms   of use. 
Linked Content
5. The Site and Services provide you with opportunities to link   to, or otherwise use, sites and services offered through or by third-party(ies).   Your use of these third-party services is subject to terms posted by these   third-party(ies). We have no control over any third-party site or service and we   are not responsible for any changes to any third-party service or for the   contents thereof, including, without limitation, any links that may be contained   in or accessible through such third-party service. These links are provided   solely as a convenience to you. You will need to make your own independent   judgment regarding your interaction with these third-party sites or services.   Our inclusion of advertisements for, or links to, a third-party site or service   does not constitute an endorsement. 
About Our Services
6. All Services and the Site are provided on an “AS IS   WHERE IS” basis. MediaCorp makes no representation or warranty, whether express   or implied (to the extent permitted by law) : (a) as to the use, security,   accuracy, reliability, non-infringement, satisfactory quality or fitness for any   particular purpose of the Site; or (b) that the use of the Site will be   uninterrupted and free of any viruses or bugs.  
7. In no event shall MediaCorp or any of its affiliates   or related corporations be liable for any loss, injury, damage, claims, costs or   expense of any kind arising from any error, omission, interruption, deletion,   defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus or other harmful   elements, communication line failure, breach of contract, tort, negligence,   defamation, copyright infringement, breach of intellectual property right or any   other cause of action. 
Intellectual Property 
8. All content and materials on the Site are the exclusive   property of MediaCorp or its content suppliers, and may be downloaded or printed   for your own personal and non-commercial use only. All copyright notices on   downloaded or printed material must be retained. Save as specifically permitted   here, you may not copy, reproduce, distribute, republish, repost, modify,   transmit, make available to the public, adapt, create a derivative work or   otherwise use or exploit any content on the Site in any way or for any purpose.   In addition, you may not distribute or make available any part of the Site over   any other website or any network. 
9. The names, trade marks, service marks and logos (the "Trade   Marks") displayed on the Site are registered or unregistered Trade Marks of   MediaCorp, its affiliates or licensors. Nothing on this Site should be construed   as granting by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use   any such Trade Marks. MediaCorp prohibits use of the Trade Marks as a "hot" link   or in-link to any MediaCorp site or other site unless establishment of such a   link is approved in advance by MediaCorp in writing.              
Submission of Contributions
10. MediaCorp may provide facilities on the Site to permit you to   submit any contribution (including but not limited to any text, graphics, video   and/or audio content, and other materials or information) (“Submissions”) to   MediaCorp or to the Site directly. You are solely responsible for your own   Submissions, and MediaCorp only acts as a passive conduit for the online   distribution and publication of your Submissions.
11. By submitting your Submissions, you agree as follows   :-
                                
                
                (a) you will not include any content in your   Submissions that is or could be unlawful, defamatory, offensive, obscene,   dangerous or false, or any content that is protected by copyright or other   intellectual property right, without first obtaining permission of the copyright   owner or rights-holder, or any content that contains any viruses, bugs or other   harmful elements; 
                                
                
                (b) you hereby grant to   MediaCorp a perpetual, worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free and   sub-licensable right and licence to use and exercise all copyright and publicity   rights you have in your Submissions in any media and for any   purpose;
                                
                
                (c) you will not assume a false   identity or the identity of another user when using the Site, and you will not   use the Site for any unlawful or illegal activities, including but not limited   to spamming, harassing or otherwise causing distress to other   users.
                 
                
                12. MediaCorp shall have the right, but not the   obligation, to monitor the Submissions contributed to the Site, including chat   rooms and forums. MediaCorp shall have the right to remove or delete any   material that MediaCorp, in its sole discretion, finds to be in violation of   these terms or otherwise objectionable or inappropriate without having to assign   any reason therefore. In addition, MediaCorp shall have the right to terminate   your use of the Site if it believes that you have violated these terms or for   any other reason whatsoever, without notice to you. 
13.If you submit or provide any personally identifiable information   through the Site, you acknowledge and consent to MediaCorp collecting and using   such information for various purposes, including without limitation,   verification and record of your personal particulars, comparing it with   information from other sources, to communicate with you and/or to send you   information and promotional material about our company or third party   organisations selected by us. 
If you submit or provide any personally identifiable information through the   Site, you acknowledge and consent to MediaCorp collecting and using such   information for various purposes, including without limitation:
(a) To provide goods and services by MediaCorp or its designated   representatives and/or business partners to you or parties designated by you and   matters ancillary thereto.
(b) To verify and process payment when you purchase goods and   services from the Site.
(c) For verification and record of your personal particulars   including comparing it with information from other sources and using the   information to communicate with you.
(d) To conduct statistical analysis of the users of our sites   including the number of users, the frequency of use, profile of users and using   such analysis for our business plans, the enhancement of our products and   services, targeted advertisements and conveying such information in broad terms   (but not information in relation to specific individuals) to third parties who   have or propose to have business dealings with us.
(e) To send you information, promotions and updates including   marketing and advertising materials in relation to our goods and services and   those of third party organizations selected by us.
(f) To comply with any request from any third party or any order   of court or directive from authorities investigating any alleged offence,   misdeeds and/or abuse or for the purposes of taking legal action against any   users for breach of these Terms of Use.
(g) For the above purposes by third parties (who may be based   outside Singapore) who offer goods and services or sponsor contests or other   promotional programs on our site, whether in conjunction with us or not, if you   purchase such goods, use such services or participate in such contests and   promotional programs.
We may send a regular email / newsletter / update to our members to keep them   informed about new services and promotions. By agreeing to these Terms of Use,   you agree to receive this regular email / newsletter / update subject to these   Terms of Use.
Venue
14. Where you subscribe for any services on the Site that relates to   any advertisement or other similar services, whether as a potential seller or   buyer, you hereby expressly acknowledge and agree that the Site acts as a venue   only and MediaCorp is not responsible for the reliability, accuracy or   truthfulness of any information that is posted by other users. 
Indemnities
15. You agree to defend and hold MediaCorp, its affiliates and   related corporations from and against all claims, losses, damages, costs and   expenses, including legal fees on an indemnity basis, arising out of your use of   the Site or any breach of these terms. In addition, MediaCorp may use whatever   information that is available about you to stop any such breach or any unlawful   or inappropriate use of the Site, including informing any third party MediaCorp   deems appropriate of such breach or use and/or disclosing your personal   information to such third party. 
Severability
16. If any of these terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable,   such term shall be struck out and the remaining terms shall be enforced. Any   failure to act by MediaCorp with respect to any breach by you or others of any   of the provisions of these terms and conditions does not waive MediaCorp’s right   to act with respect to subsequent or similar breaches. 
Notice
17. You hereby agree and acknowledge :-
(a) that all electronic communications made pursuant to the use of   this Site shall be given legal effect, validity and enforceability and shall   have, between the parties thereto, comparable evidential value to that accorded   to a signed written document;
(b) not to contest the legally binding nature, validity or   enforceability of any transaction on the Site on the ground that it was entered   into electronically.
Governing Laws
18. These terms shall be governed by Singapore laws and any dispute   arising out of the use of the Site shall be referred to the Singapore courts.  







