The flooding snarled the morning commute and caused delays and cancellations on the Long Island Rail Road.
The Northeast Regional Climate Center said "rainfall of this magnitude is only expected to occur once in a 200-year period."
There was at least one storm-related death in Melville, police said, and Suffolk officers had to swim to rescue a man Wednesday morning who had driven into 6-foot deep floodwaters on a Coram roadway.
As of Wednesday night, parts of Sunrise Highway, the Meadowbrook State Parkway, Ocean Parkway and the Robert Moses Causeway were still closed due to flooding.
But on the rails, the Long Island Rail Road was expected to operate a normal morning commute Thursday, with no planned cancellations or delays.
A spokeswoman said some LIRR waiting rooms in Babylon branch train stations -- such as Seaford and Freeport -- took on water during the height of the storm.
The water has receded, she said, but there will be some restoration required in the stations that were inundated by water.
Late Wednesday, Gov.
Andrew M. Cuomo said the Department of Financial Services' mobile command center would be in Islip to provide insurance assistance to homeowners, renters, and businesses affected by the flooding.
It will be at the Islip Town Hall parking lot, 401 Main St., from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. Thursday.
The department's disaster hotline phone number is 800-339-1759.
The 13.57 inches was recorded at Long Island MacArthur Airport in Ronkonkoma and set a state record for precipitation in a 24-hour period, the weather service said.
According to a preliminary report, that amount breaks the previous mark of 11.6 inches recorded on Aug. 27-28, 2011, in Tannersville, during what the service referred to as Hurricane/Tropical Storm Irene.
Also reporting double-digit rainfall in Suffolk County locations were a weather service employee and trained spotters, with 12.57 inches recorded in Holbrook; 11.50 in West Islip; 11.35 in Bay Shore.
The one death that authorities said was weather-related was a fatal crash, on the westbound LIE in Melville, which occurred just before 5 a.m., during the height of the rainstorm.
The rain wreaked havoc on the Wednesday morning commute.
Nearly every major roadway in both counties reported full to partial closures because of flooding as early as 4:30 a.m. Wednesday and until past noon, according to the state Department of Transportation.
Local roads were underwater as well.
Suffolk County Sixth Precinct Police officers rescued an elderly man who became stranded in a flooded road in Coram Wednesday morning.
"Officers Thomas Wilson and Matthew Detleff were on northbound North Ocean Avenue conducting traffic control and diverting motorists due to extreme flooding, when a motorist apparently became disoriented" due to the road closure, a release said.
Anthony Monticciolo, 86, of Centereach, drove his 2008 Subaru into the flooded roadway "and his vehicle immediately became disabled" in waters 6 feet deep, which began seeping into his car.
The officers waded into the flooded roadway and swam to the victim's car, removing him and bringing him to safety, police said.
He was uninjured, police said.
A PSEG Long Island spokesman said the utility considers the majority of Wednesday's outages to be weather-related.
From midnight to 7:05 p.m. Wednesday there were 13,077 outages, and of those, 12,549 customers have had their power restored.
As of 11 p.m., the remaining number of customers without power was down to 477.
The rains caused massive flooding in some residential neighborhoods.
Thomas Hall of Ocean Avenue in Massapequa woke up Wednesday morning to a flooded lawn.
"I opened the curtains and saw the backyard was like a lake," said Hall, 50, a retired correction officer.
He estimated the water had been about a foot and a half deep but a pump was working to drain off a low-lying portion of his yard Wednesday afternoon.
The storm flooded roads and basements in Rocky Point, Selden and Farmingville, and the lobby of Brookhaven Town Hall was closed for three hours because of flooding, Town Supervisor Edward P. Romaine said.
Romaine said he drove around town Wednesday morning observing "one flooding disaster after another" in northern and central sections of town.
He estimated damage would be at least $1 million to $2 million.
The heavy rainfall also had an impact on water quality at local beaches, affecting bathing and shellfish harvesting.
Late Wednesday afternoon, the Suffolk County Health Department issued an advisory against bathing at 66 beaches until 7 p.m. Thursday as sampling is conducted because of the potential for elevated bacteria levels.
The Department of Environmental Conservation also closed shellfish harvesting in most towns in Nassau and Suffolk counties until officials determine hazardous conditions no longer exist.
With John Valenti, Gary Dymski, David M. Schwartz, Robert Brodsky, Mark Harrington, Ted Phillips and Carl MacGowan Add comment Please log in to comment.
Civility matters; click here to read our commenting guidelines.
Log in Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
advertisement | advertise on newsday Related Stories Experts: Computer models can't explain rain Cops: Man dead in storm-related crash Storm recovery: Tips for homes, cars, insurance Newsday on social media Twitter Facebook @Newsday Tweets from @Newsday/newsday-staff Most popular Stories Photos Cops: Driver in crash that killed dad was impaired teen 2:52 PM DA: Special grand jury to hear Garner case 8/19/14 $21,000 falls off truck after casino pickup 8:52 AM Boat explosion at marina kills 1, injures 1, officials say 2 m ago LI schools win $7.9M for full-day pre-K 8/19/14 Liv Tyler, HBO co-stars visit Malverne 8/19/14 Mets vs.
All rights reserved.
Hide Toolbar Follow us Submit Photo News Video Event RSS Today's most popular My headlines Register Log in My Profile Log out 
Politics Va.
Politics D.C.
Politics Blogs & Columns Why trouble with the law marks the end for some politicians, but not others Post Politics | Sean Sullivan Holder in Ferguson: So lets start here.
Lets do the work today.
The Fix | Jaime Fuller The Ferguson police chiefs next move?
The Monkey Cage | Ted McCagg Map: How much $100 is really worth in hundreds of metropolitan areas GovBeat | Niraj Chokshi (Video) Veterans complain about VA service to Sen. Mark Warner The Federal Eye | Josh Hicks Opinions In Opinions Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations The Post's View Letters to the Editor Local Opinions Columnist Index Featured Blogs Happy Hour Roundup The Plum Line | Paul Waldman Mugshots are the new headshots ComPost | Alexandra Petri Epilogue: SimpsonsWorld Act Four | Alyssa Rosenberg Good news from Mississippi The Watch | Radley Balko Why the Tales of the City series matters Act Four | Alyssa Rosenberg Local In Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Crime Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Blogs & Columns Blogs & Columns Updates: Line of thunderstorms approaching D.C. Capital Weather Gang | Angela Fritz and Jason Samenow Nightlife Agenda: Retro dance parties, a Vegas DJ and dog days of summer Going Out Guide | Fritz Hahn and Rhome Anderson Exact change lanes to dwindle on Dulles Toll Road Dr.
Gridlock | Luz Lazo Sports In Sports Redskins/NFL Capitals/NHL Wizards/NBA Nationals/MLB D.C. United/Soccer Colleges AllMetSports Blogs & Columns Other Sports Blogs & Columns Bissonnette still discussing with a few teams, including Caps Capitals Insider | Alex Prewitt All signs point to F.P.
Santangelo and Bob Carpenter broadcasting game from behind home plate DC Sports Bog | Scott Allen Redskins add punter Tress Way The Insider | Mike Jones Discuss: Nats-Dbacks Nationals Journal | James Wagner National In National Energy & Environment Health & Science Education National Security Investigations Innovations Know More Religion On Giving Corrections Blogs & Columns Interview with Research Magazine about Consumer Credit and the American Economy Volokh Conspiracy | Todd Zywicki Amidst unrest, Ferguson-area students given early move-in option at Southeast Missouri State University Post Nation | Sarah Larimer St. Louis County police report 155 arrests since Michael Brown was killed Post Nation | Wesley Lowery On social media Claire McCaskill takes the lead in Ferguson She The People | Julia Carpenter Police officer suspended for pointing rifle at protesters, threatening them Post Nation | Mark Berman World In World Africa The Americas Asia & Pacific Europe Middle East National Security Columns & Blogs Blogs & Columns U.N.: Iraq crisis most rapidly intensifying humanitarian disaster in recent memory WorldViews | Swati Sharma More airstrikes in Iraq announced following James Foley execution Checkpoint | Dan Lamothe Germany has its own spying scandals, but dont expect Berlin to forgive the NSA WorldViews | Rick Noack Journalist held captive by Islamic State went missing in Syria Checkpoint | Dan Lamothe Business In Business Economy Industries Markets Policy & Regulation Know More Storyline World Business Capital Business On Leadership On Small Business On I.T.
Blogs & Columns Happy birthday; heres your Social Security statement The Color of Money | Michelle Singletary Worse than the 1930s: Europes recession is really a depression Wonkblog | Matt O'Brien Capt.
Ron Johnsons leadership challenge in Ferguson On Leadership | Jena McGregor Metro picks developer for Brookland property Digger | Jonathan O'Connell Tech In Technology Innovation The Switch Blogs & Columns Will all cops soon wear body cameras?
Companies like Taser are counting on it.
The Switch | Hayley Tsukayama As Ferguson protests continue, St. Louis County reports a huge surge in arrests The Switch | Brian Fung This auto finance companys flawed computer system may have hurt thousands of peoples credit scores The Switch | Andrea Peterson Lifestyle In Lifestyle Advice Carolyn Hax Food Express Home & Garden Style Travel Weddings Wellness Magazine KidsPost On Parenting Blogs & Columns Cincinnati Archdiocese freezes Catholic school donations to ice bucket challenge charity The Style Blog | Abby Ohlheiser Names & Faces: Billy Crystal, Robin Williams, Jill Duggar and Emma Stone The Reliable Source | Winyan Soo Hoo Study: Colds may temporarily raise stroke risk in children To Your Health | Fredrick Kunkle This is what happens when you try to ban misogyny on a major Web site The Intersect | Caitlin Dewey Entertainment In Entertainment Books Comics Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles & Games Theater & Dance TV Blogs & Columns ROBIN WILLIAMS TRIBUTE: All this week, Candorvilles Darrin Bell movingly reflects on what the legend meant to us Comic Riffs | Michael Cavna Nightlife Agenda: Retro dance parties, a Vegas DJ and dog days of summer Going Out Guide | Fritz Hahn and Rhome Anderson Jobs In Jobs More Classifieds Cars Deals Real Estate Rentals Photos Blogs Discussions Find&Save Obituaries Archives Topics WP Wine Club WP BrandConnect Public Relations Capital Weather Gang The inside scoop on weather in the D.C. area and beyond Weather Traffic AboutMeet the GangContactWeather WallForecastsPM Update: Storms pull away; another round possible on ThursdayD.C.
area forecast: Not hot, but kind of humid.
Storms later today?PM Update: Likely dry tonight; Chance of rain Wednesday afternoon and eveningD.C.
No hurricane or tropical storm to affect New York State has produced such an output.
As Mashables Andrew Freedman put it: An entire summers worth of rain fell on New York in just a few hours Consider, too, Islip almost received about as much rain in three hours as downtown Los Angeles did in all of 2012 and 2013 combined (11.75).
Cliff Mass, a meteorology professor at the University of Washington, who happened to be on Long Island this morning, shared this eyewitness account: Moses would have been impressedit was pouring outsidein a way we rarely see in Seattle.
No lightning.
Water was jetting off the roofs of nearby buildings.
I even heard a frog in the distanceperhaps the next plague was in preparation.
I put out my walking staff to stop it, but to no avail.
Flash Floods overwhelm parts of Sunrise Highway in and around the Islip area, via WeatherGone wild on YouTube This exceptional rainfall originated from the same weather system that flooded parts of Detroit and Baltimore.
The event unfolded as a plume of deep tropical moisture surged ahead of a slow moving-cold front in the eastern U.S. Related: Water, water everywhere: The anatomy of Tuesdays flash flooding event (Baltimore) | Record-breaking rain floods Detroit metro, shuts down interstates After this moisture-enriched plume doused the Washington and Baltimore area, it surged north.
As the tropical air streaming in from the southeast clashed with chillier, marine air feeding in from the northeast, a coastal front formed where moisture converged.
Heavy rain fell not only in Long Island, but also in coastal New Jersey and Connecticut.
A few cherry picked daily rainfall numbers from the Northeast @ABC7News @EileenABC7 pic.twitter.com/0JeTXAjLAe Alex Liggitt (@alexliggitt) August 13, 2014 The radar evolution of this storm is nothing short of amazing, says Jeff Halverson, Capital Weather Gangs severe weather expert.
The heavy rain band was extremely narrow, and its entire length passed over this single location, Islip, Long Island, over several hours.
When we think of echo training, this literally WAS the proverbial rain train perfectly rendered by Nature!
Radar loop showing extreme rainfall moving over Long Island between 2:30 and 8:30 a.m. August 13 (Weather Underground) Mashables Andrew Freedman wrote Wednesday how these type of exceptional rainfall events fit a global warming pattern.
Historical weather records show such heavy rain events already increasing.
(National Climate Assessment, 2014) Greg Carbin, the warning coordination meteorologist at the National Weather Service Storm Prediction Center, discovered the amount of moisture measured in the atmosphere at Wallops Island, Virginia Tuesday evening which streamed towards New York overnight ranked in the 99th percentile.
He examined the metric known as precipitable water which was within the top 20 values on record.
Of the precipitable water extremes since records began in 1963, almost all are in the 1990s and 2000s, Carbin said.
Climate change is not the only risk multiplier when it comes to flash flood situations.
As I watch breathtaking flooding in Boulder, Pensacola, Detroit, Baltimore, and Long Island, a rather simple equation comes to mind.
Urban Flooding =Increase in intensityof top 1% rain events +expanding urban imperviousland cover + storm water managementengineered for rainstorms of last century A take home message here is that extreme urban flooding is increasing so it should not come as surprise and we need to adapt urban infrastructure to be better prepared and more resilient.
Forecasts for flash flooding must also improve.
Whereas meteorologists can generally identify pattern setups conducive to flash flooding, we face difficulties identifying the specific location of the actual events until they are already underway in many instances.
#TurnAroundDontDrown Be careful #longisland!!
#flooding pic.twitter.com/Ot0q7s7ty7 GeoTraffic NYC (@GeoTrafficNYC) August 13, 2014 @dasGoodLife: @weatherchannel @News12LI @Newsday #flooding on Long Island.
Exit 44 Sunrise Hwy shut down near #Islip pic.twitter.com/FYCqgE1brZ Bill Walters (@dasGoodLife) August 13, 2014 Troop L - This is what it looks like in several parts of Nassau and Suffolk Counties this morning.
pic.twitter.com/XkFRtnO4MP NewYorkStatePolice (@nyspolice) August 13, 2014 #Stormwatch In Bay Shore #longisland pic.twitter.com/EFEfh16MYW Anik Solaris (@AnikSolaris) August 13, 2014 Jason Samenow is the Capital Weather Gang's chief meteorologist and serves as the Washington Post's Weather Editor.
He earned BA and MS degrees in atmospheric science from the University of Virginia and University of Wisconsin-Madison.
Torrential rain gives way to rainbows and pileus clouds (PHOTOS) California on path to warmest year on record, by far Also on Capital Weather Gang Torrential rain gives way to rainbows and pileus clouds (PHOTOS) Most Read 1 I'm a cop.
If you don't want to get hurt, don't challenge me.
2 Missouri Highway Patrol Capt.
Ron Johnson is not a gang member.
He's just a Kappa.
3 Mike Carey, longtime NFL referee, avoided Washington's games because of the name 4 The simple policy that led America's biggest drop in teen pregnancies 5 Obama denounces killing of journalist James Foley and pledges 'justice' Radar Enlarge & Animate Weather Underground Radar DC Webcam At a glanceGo to CWG's Full Forecast Forecast by National Weather Service Right nowGo to CWG's Weather Wall National Airport Dulles Airport BWI Airport Heat tracker 16 Number of 90-degree days year-to-date Yearly average: 36 Record most: 67 (1980,2010) Record fewest: 7 (1886,1905) Last year: 35 More info >> 
Word verification: * (verify using audio) Type the characters you see in the picture above; if you can't read them, submit the form and a new image will be generated.
Not case sensitive.
FiOS1 meteorologist explains Record-breaking storm slams Suffolk County, claims one life Flash flooding forces Bay Shore residents from their homes More More From Long Island PD: Woman stumbles across gunmen burglarizing her house FEMA inspectors on site in Centrereach to assess storm damage Gov.
Cuomo issues scam warning following historic flooding Boat fire in Port Washington kills 1; another injured More Top News PreviousNext PD: Woman stumbles across gunmen burglarizing her... Teachout again survives NY residency challenge NYC Mayor De Blasio hosts interfaith roundtable... First responders at 12 SUNY schools to be... FEMA inspectors on site in Centrereach to assess... Gov.
Cuomo issues scam warning following historic... Boat fire in Port Washington kills 1; another... What should the Long Beach boardwalk look like?
American journalist beheaded by ISIS militant... Man killed, teen charged in New Hyde Park car... Peanut, almond butter recalled due to salmonella...
Cuomo issues scam warning following historic flooding What should the Long Beach boardwalk look like?
Cuomo in primary Rick Perry blasts abuse-of-power charge against him as a 'farce' No easy answers in prosecutor's probe of Gov.
Cuomo Texas' Perry indicted for coercion for veto threat FiOS1 NEWS.
WEATHER.
TRAFFIC.
Copyright 2013, FiOS1 News 
), smashing the New York state record for 24-hour rainfall (Record Event Report).
The GOES-13 animation above shows the satellite presentation of the storms that produced the heavy rainfall (the heaviest rain fell between 0900 and 1100 UTC).
It is immediately apparent that the deepest convective clouds were not responsible for the heavy rains: cloud-top IR brightness temperatures over Islip were only near -30 C (per the 1200 UTC OKX sounding, that was around 300 hPa; the tropopause was closer to 150 hPa) and cloud-to-ground lightning was not detected.
Winds at the Islip airport shifted from easterly/northeasterly to southeasterly as the heavy rains ended (time series plot of surface weather): an approaching frontal boundary may have helped force the heavy rains.
The animation shows continual cold cloud redevelopment at/near Islip, suggesting that training shower development was an important factor in the flooding.
Although the region was generally cloudy, holes in the cloud cover revealed GOES-13 sounder Total Precipitable Water values (below; click image to play animation) of 45-50 mm or 1.8-2.0 inches over Long Island just ahead of the advancing frontal boundary.
The Blended Total Precipitable Water product showed a sudden jump to over 50 mm or 2.0 inches around 10 UTC over Long Island, and these TPW values were around 150% of normal for that location and time of the year.
GOES-13 sounder Total Precipitable Water derived product images (click to play animation) The MIMIC Total Precipitable Water product (below) showed a northward surge of tropical moisture into the region on 13 August.
MIMIC Total Precipitable Water (11-13 August) Posted in GOES sounder, GOES-13, Heavy rain / flooding | No Comments Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply.
Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Webmaster Follow us on Search for: Pages About this site CIMSS Satellite Proving Ground Contact us Mobile users POES/AVHRR in AWIPS SatePedia Suomi NPP / JPSS Proving Ground VISIT / SHyMet Training Topics August 2014 M T W T F S S Jul 123 45678910 11121314151617 18192021222324 25262728293031 Categories Air quality Antarctic Arctic AVHRR Aviation AWIPS II Calibration/Anomalies Cloud-Top Cooling COMS Convective Initiation DMSP Fire detection Fog detection General interpretation GOES sounder GOES-10 GOES-11 GOES-12 GOES-13 GOES-14 GOES-15 GOES-7 GOES-8 GOES-R Google Earth Heavy rain / flooding Historical Hydrology Landsat Lightning Marine weather McIDAS-V Meteosat Metop MODIS MTSAT Other Satellites POES ProbSevere ProbSevere RealEarth Web Map Server Red/Green/Blue (RGB) images Satellite winds Severe convection Suomi NPP Synthetic satellite imagery Training Tropical cyclones VIIRS Volcanic activity What the heck is this?
Heavy rain drenches Long Island, flooding roads and downing trees | 7online.com Heavy rain drenches Long Island, flooding roads and downing trees | 7online.com GO Personalize your weather by entering a location.
Sorry, but the location you entered was not found.
Please try again.
Long Island was hit particularly hard, with MacArthur Airport in Islip reporting more than 13 inches of rain between midnight and 8 a.m. That's more than the area usually sees during the entire summer months.Newscopter 7 was over the scene Wednesday afternoon in Islip, where heavy waters remained: Town of Islip Supervisor Tom Croci signed an official State of Emergency, allowing the town to obtain crucial goods and services in an expedited manner in order to continue the recovery process.
Suffolk County Executive Steve Bellone also declared a state of emergency for the county as a whole as of 8 a.m., calling the weather event "unprecedented and unpredicted.
The monthly all-time record is 14.07 inches in October 2005.
The New York state record for 24-hour rainfall was broken Tuesday night.
The previous record was 11.5 inches in Tannerville, N.Y., during Tropical Storm Irene.
On the service road to the Sunrise Highway, the high water came up so fast; some drivers didn't have time to slow down as they cruised right through it.
When the pavement dried, the carcasses of stalled out cars still littered the roadway.
But many roads were still flooded, some people in boats were rowing down streets to rescue people trapped in their homes.
Cars stuck in the water were lost, probably forever.
Workers tried to fill a sinkhole up with gravel, but the hole just kept swallowing the gravel and the workers gave up.
Side streets too were flooded, and as people tried to get home, the water was still too high hours after the rain stopped.
The water was so strong; it ripped through a bulkhead in Islip and swept some of the blacktop from the parking lot with it.
In Bay Shore, it was hard to decide where to begin the cleanup at Saint Peter's by the Sea Episcopal Church.Flooding reached just over the foot throughout the church and school, also leaving several feet of in vital sections of this six-acre complex.
"We were up over the top of the boiler and I don't want to go in any further than this because I'm on the top step here," said Phil Jacobs, a parishioner, "The National Weather Center gave the warning about flash floods and the heavens opened up and in a matter of three hours we had a foot of rain.
"Church leaders and parishioners say it happened overnight.No one knew just how bad it was until a staff member opened up the building around 7 Wednesday morning.
"What you're seeing is a disaster done by that so-called little rain storm we had last night, and it inundated our boiler room and in our church, it's about eight inches," said Sal Basile, a senior warden.The church doesn't have flood insurance because leaders say it's simply too much money, a $300,000 premium because they're so close to the ocean.Rather than get upset about the loss, members kept the mood light hearted believing God will yet again provide.
"We give thanks, people who give so faithfully.
We welcome that.
A lot of people continue to do good things.
In the midst of tragedy there's always, it brings out the best in human qualities," a bishop said.At least five abandoned cars were submerged under feet of water on the Northern State Parkway near the exit for Oyster Bay.
There was so much water that it resembled a lake.
There were no reports of any injuries.
Meanwhile, huge swaths of the Southern State Parkway were shut down, particularly at Exit 37, which was littered with dozens of abandoned and flooded-out cars.
Some residents were taking their belongings out of their ruined cars, while the Grassullo family lost five cars parked outside their house.
"We heard the alarms going off on the car and we were like, what is going on, and all the cars were submerged," said Michael Grassullo, a North Babylon resident.
"I come outside and I have a boat instead of a car.
It's crazy."
Viewer Jim Staubitser sent in this dramatic video of flooding in North Babylon: MacArthur Airport remained open, but flights were delayed.
Travelers should call airline carriers directly for details, or visit MacArthurAirport.com.
Town of Islip Supervisor Tom Croci advised residents not to drive and to avoid flooding and road closures.
DOT crews shut down the highway and blocked off the ramps in the affected areas.Several exit ramps on the Long Island Expressway were also shut down, and fire crews with boats rescued some drivers in Nesconset.
The side of the parkway basically became a parking lot as drivers ditched their cars when the water rose.
"It was not organized at all," Islip Terrace resident James Piano said.
"There are a bunch of cars down there that floated down to the side.
They didn't drive there, I can tell you that."
Nick Felix, of Bay Shore, had been sitting in his car since 4:30 a.m. waiting to be towed.
"I got stuck," he said.
"I had to push the car over to here on my own.
The water came into the car.
I opened the door.
I made a big mistake by opening the door.
"In Brentwood on Commack Road, motorists had to be rescued from their cars.
Kassandra Ade, of Brentwood, said she was pulled from her water-logged car.
"Two Good Samaritans stopped ... and I wanna thank them," she said.
"I don't know who they are.
"Red Cross volunteers assisted 50 motorists who were rescued from their cars on the Southern State Parkway.
Red Cross teams also have distributed Red Cross flood clean-up kits in impacted areas.A fatal crash was reported on the LIE east of Exit 49 in Melville, when a car crashed into a semi trailer just before 5 a.m. shuttering the highway.
The driver of a Jeep Liberty swerved, likely due to the weather conditions, struck a tanker truck and then crashed into the guardrail, with the vehicle bursting into flames.
The driver of the Jeep was killed.
The westbound LIE was closed for nearly eight hours for the investigation.
Other closures included Sunrise Highway and County Route 83 near Old Town Road.
Drivers took as much of a hit from the tremendous deluge as did nervous homeowners in neighborhoods along the South Shore.
"When this sewer system is overwhelmed, and of course heavy rains make it much worse, the plant can't handle the volume and this is raw sewage," said homeowner John Davis.The Long Island Rail Road was advising evening commuters to expect some cancellations and minor delays during the rush hour due to lingering weather-related issues.
Service has been restored in both directions between Kings Park and Port Jefferson for rush hour, but there will be some delays.
In Suffolk County, officials are advising against swimming at 66 beaches.
Click here for a list of beaches.
Accumulating water was a big problem in Deal, N.J., where roughly two dozen drivers had to be rescued after their vehicles got stuck in more than 2 1/2 feet of standing water.
At one point, Public Works was using a front loader to clear water from those roadways.
"It's about 2 feet deep, 3 feet at the center of the road, so it's bad," Public Works worker Stephen Siciliano said.
"Everything is flooded, cars stranded, people stranded.
Lot of tow truck action going on out there.
And my best advice is to stay home."
The water began to recede by early Wednesday, but cars remained partially under water.Utility crews rushed to remove a large tree that fell on a home on Spring Street in Union overnight, and looking at the size of the 20-foot tall tree, it's amazing the home did not suffer more significant damage.
The residents were inside sleeping when they felt a loud rumble or a thump.
They came downstairs and realized two things -- there was a tree partially inside the home that had broken through the glass, and the majority of the tree was on top of the roof.
"There are three windows in the bedroom, so I saw the branch, the tree, the green leaves through the window when I turned on the lights," the homeowner said.
"Then I panicked, I guess, and we came downstairs and came outside and saw the tree got uprooted.
"Luckily, the only real damage was a broken window and a dented gutter.
Crews were able to get the tree off the home in about an hour.By midday, at high tide, the water breached the bulkheads on Montauk Highway, and nearby a large sink hole opened up.
"You can probably get 30 people inside of it ... so it's pretty bad," he said.Meteorologist Jeff Smith reports on why the rain was so heavy in Islip: At the peak of the storm, nearly 10,000 homes and businesses were without electricity in the Garden State, most in Monmouth and Morris counties.
Buses honored tickets for North Jersey Coast Line passengers because flooding in the Bay Head Rail Yard made it difficult for crews to access the trains.
In New York City, the ramps from the Grand Central Parkway to the Jackie Robinson were shut down in anticipation of the heavy rain.
It is back open, but standing water made it tough for drivers.Cars were slowing down considerably, but before dawn, many drivers didn't see the extent of the flooding and sloshed through at high speeds.
Schwartz said he's fully aware of the problems caused by the rain and that the affected counties will receive everything they need.
One of the hardest hit areas was Millville in southern New Jersey, where unofficial National Weather Service observations show nearly 9 inches of rain.
More than 7 inches in Stafford, more than 5 at Atlantic City airport and more than 4 in Tabernacle.
Several homes were evacuated along Rhonda Drive in Millville because of flooding.
Relatives tell the South Jersey Times a woman sustained broken ribs and a punctured lung when the walls of her basement collapsed due to flooding.
WCAU-TV reports no one was injured when a section of basement wall collapsed inside a group home in Vineland.
Map My News Related Topics: weather weather storm storm damage power outage flooding flash flooding Union Hicksville Kew Gardens New York City (Copyright 2014 WABC-TV/DT.
All Rights Reserved.)
Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments.
All Rights Reserved. 
Don't Take This for Granted Incredible Islands to Escape To Who Owns the Ocean Floor?
Close!
Subscribe to weather alerts Never miss a major weather event.
Subscribe TROPICS WATCH: THREAT BREWING: WILL IT IMPACT YOUR AREA?
Share FB ShareShare TweetTweet Forecasts Today's Forecast National Forecast Severe Weather Alerts Safety & Preparedness Hurricane Central Tornado Central Commuter Forecast Severe Weather Forecast Tropical Threat Ahead?
Heat Wave On The Way Your Weekly Planner Maps Weather In Motion Severe Alerts Current Temps Classic Maps US Satellite World Satellite Driving Hazards Current Snowcover Traffic Conditions Pollencast Current Weather & Temperatures Video All Video Most Popular Weather Films Uncharted Crazimals Hurricanes Fan Videos Upload a Video Cutest Photobomb Ever?
"So You Think You'd Survive?," Sundays 9/8c "Fat Guys in the Woods," Sundays 10/9c Hurricanes All Hurricanes Hurricane Central Bertha Iselle Julio Karina Florida's Luck Will Eventually Run Out Tropical Update Why Name Hurricanes?
Over 200 Dead WATCH: Water Crashes Through Hospital Clouds Playing Piano Death Toll Rises in Flooding How NASCAR Drivers Keep their Cool Giant Turtle Invades Harbor Will Tropics be Heating up Soon?
Terrible News for Bottled Water Drinkers Rafting in a Drought, No Problem Cities and Towns with Weather Names Bad News for Coffee Lovers Girl and Dog Survive 11 Days Alone 3 People Caught in Hurricane, Rescued Battle Brewing over Wild Horses Scientists Baffled By This Abandoned and Left to Die Boy's Reaction to Butterfly is TOO CUTE Typhoon Produces Huge Waves WWI Victims, Ice Tribute He Wrestled a Gator.
And Lived!
Sunny Day in NY, Then THIS Dangers of Leaving Pets in Hot Cars Zombie Star Spotted Beware of Blind Spiders Bear Attack Won't Stop Marathon Runner Gator Knocks on Front Door Meet The Tick Causing Allergies To Red Meat Whale Watchers Get Visit from Great White Shark Firefighters Battle Med Clinic Fire How Thousands Of Birds Instantly Move As One Hurricanes: 5 Things You Need to Know Guess What this Bird Does in Traffic Mystery Lake Found, But DON'T SWIM There Can Ebola Spread on a Plane?
MONSTER Catch!
Opah Trifecta August's Farmers Forecast with Paul Walsh Cook a Steak... with LAVA Not a Snowflake... A Floating Hotel!
Guess Where This Tortoise Is Seen What Did Early Earth Look Like More Bad News for Bacon Lovers Saturn Photobombs the Moon Using This Might KILL You Tiny Skeleton Art, Creepy or Cool?
Incredible Barefoot Waterskiing Drone Unlocks Hurricane Secrets WATCH: Shark Heads for Swimmers Massive Sea Monster Caught!
Expensive Watch Found Where?
What is a Geep?
Why Moon Is Lemon Shaped One Mother's Tragic Story Stray Cats Take Over Island Dog Gets Stuck in Wall Treasure Found off Florida Coast Bad News for Millions Across South Gator Discovered Outside Front Door Scattered vs. Isolated Thunderstorms Little Red Riding Hood Was Wrong!
A Cafe for the Birds Making it Rain with Lasers Woman's Dive Goes Terribly Wrong Historic Flight: Amelia Earhart A Health Club for Fido Summer's Hidden Freeway Danger Now THAT'S a Photobomb!
Bad News for Beef Lovers Bad News for Seafood Lovers WATCH: Shocking Photobomb World Record Shark Caught!
Cute Baby Turtles Explode from Nest Boston Area Sees Heavy Tree Damage Surfing Dogs Hit the Waves Better Sense of Smell Dogs or Elephants New Water Balloon Ammunition Did All Dinosaurs have Feathers?
A Weatherman for 84 years Don't Let Mosquitos Bug You this Summer New Warning From Scientists Chihuahua Puppy Gets Wheelchair Take a Ride on Record Roller Coaster See How You Could Win $25 Million From NASA View From Above A World Hub Secret Bear Feeding Spot FOUND Boys Perish Soon After This Selfie Sun Goes Quiet After Recent Activity You Won't Believe What She Did Subways You Must See!
New Clues to Lives of Ancient Mummies!
Whoa.
Thirteen inches is more rainfall than Islip would see during all three summer months combined.
Morning commute on #LongIsland this morning.
Pic via IG user voidedwarranty.
Cars were also stranded in front of the Bay Shore Mall on Sunrise Highway.Fire department boats were deployed to rescue stranded motorists inNesconset, New York.
At least two feet of water flooded the Bay Shore train station's parking lot, and a parking lot at Long Island MacArthur Airport.
ET, including an incredible one-hour total of 5.34 inches between 4:56 and 5:56 a.m.
ET.
Impressive one-day torrential rain swath from D.C. to L.I.
and southern CT. pic.twitter.com/cMQzfdu642 Jonathan Erdman (@wxjerdman) August 13, 2014 The heavy rain spread into parts of southern Connecticut, Rhode Island, Massachusetts, New Hampshire and Maine later Wednesday.
Roads were flooded with up to two feet of water around the Providence, Rhode Island metro.
Underpasses were flooded in Springfield, Massachusetts, and two feet of street flooding closed a few streets in Leominster, Massachusetts.Vehicles were stranded Wednesday night in Saco, Maine.
Heavy rain then spread Tuesday night and Wednesday morning into parts of southern New Jersey, Long Island and Connecticut.
(MORE:Record Rainfall Floods Baltimore-Washington Area)By far the most dangerous thing you can do in a flash flood is attempt to drive in flood waters.
This infographic from our partners at Weather Underground shows the startling facts that few people realize about flooding.
Ahead?
Do You Live in the Fattest State?
End of the Line: 6 Creepy Train Graveyards (PHOTOS) Tropical Update: Looming Threat in the Atlantic?
Do You Live in the Most Expensive State to Drive In?
The Weather Channel, LLC weather.com Licensed by TRUSTe Terms of Use Privacy Policy Parental Controls Ad Choices Georgia Org Accessibility Tools 
Checkey Beckford reports Thursday, Aug 14, 2014 Updated at 1:00 PM EDT Communities on Long Island are drying out Thursday after a record-breaking storm drenched the region with torrential downfall, turning expressways and neighborhood streets into rivers that swallowed up cars and contributed to at least one death.
Aerial View of Flood-Wrecked Long Island Chopper 4 tours some of the hardest-hit parts of Long Island after a historic storm dumped 13 inches of rain on Islip in 24 hours.
Crews worked around the clock across Long Island to pump flood waters off expressways and neighborhood streets while families cleared out garages and ran sump pumps to pull water out of waterlogged crawl spaces and basements.
The cleanup comes after a record-breaking deluge dumped more than a foot of rain in some places and led Suffolk County Executive Steve Bellone to declare a state of emergency.
Rain totals in part of Nassau County also topped 9 inches.
PHOTOS: Flash Flooding on Long Island Gov.
Cuomo announced that a mobile command center would be set up in Islip Thursday to help homeowners and businesses with insurance claims.
The command center will operate out of the Town Hall parking lot and will be open from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m., but homeowners can also call the states disaster hotline at 1-800-339-1759.
@ajschaefer1 tweeted this photo with the post, "The boys kayaking in our yard #longisland #flooding #flood #islip #monsoon #Monsoon2014."
@ajschaefer1/Twitter Lauren Bacall Dies in NYC at Age 89 Parts of the Jersey shore south of Atlantic City were also hard-hit by the storm, with record rains that caused flash flooding and forcing evacuations in Millville.
New York City and the suburbs to the north and west were spared from the brunt of the deluge, with the heaviest rain coming at John F. Kennedy Airport, where 3.26 inches fell.
Yonkers Cop to Attend Wedding of Baby He Saved Meanwhile, most major roads on Long Island have reopened after many were inundated with water Wednesday, causing flash floods that surprised drivers and stranded cars in several feet of water for hours.
One stretch of the Southern State Highway flooded so quickly Wednesday that it stranded more than 50 drivers, with firefighters having to come to the rescue.
And in Bay Shore, crews worked throughout the afternoon Wednesday to clean out a massive sinkhole that opened up in part due to the torrential rains.
YOUR PHOTOS: Summery New York The storm contributed to one traffic fatality, when a motorist swerved on the Long Island Expressway and hit a tractor-trailer and guardrail near Melville.
The car burst into flames and the driver was pronounced dead at the scene.
The tractor-trailer driver had minor injuries.
No other injuries were reported.
A dog that was swept away by floodwaters during a walk with its owners after the storm let up was found dead Thursday.
Massive Sinkhole Opens Up in Shopping Center Lot A sinkhole opened up inside the Bay Shore Shopping Center parking lot on Long Island Tuesday, after heavy rains flooded the area.
Stores in the area were evacuated, and officials are investigating the 10-by-12-feet sinkhole.
Extreme Weather Photos Residents are working to bounce back, running sump pumps to drain basements and cleaning out waterlogged storage areas.
Islip resident Frank Greco said Wednesday he was gearing up for a long slog, running his pump to clear out his crawl space.
"I've been pumping all day.
I got four feet of water in my crawl space and I'm still pumping," Greco said.
"The sewers were so filled you couldn't keep up with the water coming in.
It's coming up as fast as you can.
It's all groundwater coming up."
Chris Christie Takes Ice Bucket Challenge Drivers throughout the region will also be trying to dry out cars that got stuck in floodwaters in hopes that theyll start again.
Christine Hoffken tried several times in vain to start her flooded vehicle Wednesday, but says shes planning on borrowing her mothers car to drive to work Thursday.
Ive got to let her dry out for a few days and hopefully well get her started and I wont have to go buy a new car, she said.
WATCH: Driving Through Floods in West Babylon NBC 4 New York obtained video of someone driving in West Babylon as floodwaters rose.
All rights reserved.
Portions by Broadcast Interactive Media. 
THIS BREAKS THE OLD RECORD OF 0.91 SET IN 2013.
...RECORD NEW YORK STATE 24 HOUR PRECIPITATION BROKEN AT ISLIP MACARTHUR AIRPORT TODAY... A PRELIMINARY NEW YORK STATE 24 HOUR PRECIPITATION RECORD WAS BROKEN AT ISLIP LONG ISLAND TODAY.
TOTAL 24 HOUR PRECIPITATION AT ISLIP AS OF 9:30 AM WAS 13.57 INCHES.
THIS BREAKS THE PREVIOUS RECORD OF 11.6 INCHES AT TANNERSVILLE NY ON AUGUST 27-28 2011 DURING HURRICANE/TROPICAL STORM IRENE.
THE 24 HOUR PERIOD FOR THIS RAINFALL EVENT WILL END AT 11PM ON AUGUST 13.
THIS REPORT WILL BE UPDATED AFTER MIDNIGHT FOR ANY ADDITIONAL RAINFALL THAT MAY FALL.
THIS RECORD WILL REMAIN PRELIMINARY UNTIL THE NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE AND THE NATIONAL CLIMATIC DATA CENTER CONFIRMS THESE REPORTS.
THIS BREAKS THE PREVIOUS RECORD OF 13.78 INCHES SET BACK IN AUGUST OF 1990.
THESE REPORTS ARE PRELIMINARY AND WILL BE UPDATED LATER IF AND WHEN MORE RAIN FALLS AT ISLIP.
$$ US Dept of Commerce National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration National Weather Service 1325 East West Highway Silver Spring, MD 20910 Page Author: NWSChat Administration Team Disclaimer Information Quality Credits Glossary Privacy Policy Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) About Us Career Opportunities 
TOTAL 24 HOUR PRECIPITATION AT ISLIP AS OF 9:30 AM WAS 13.26 INCHES.
THIS BREAKS THE PREVIOUS RECORD OF 11.6 INCHES AT TANNERSVILLE NY ON AUGUST 27-28 2011 DURING HURRICANE/TROPICAL STORM IRENE.
THIS REPORT IS PRELIMINARY AND WILL BE UPDATED WHEN THE RAIN ENDS FOR GOOD TODAY.
$$ US Dept of Commerce National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration National Weather Service 1325 East West Highway Silver Spring, MD 20910 Page Author: NWSChat Administration Team Disclaimer Information Quality Credits Glossary Privacy Policy Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) About Us Career Opportunities 
A partially submerged car sits on a flooded section of Interstate 695 in Baltimore, Tuesday, Aug. 12, 2014, after heavy rains fell across the Mid-Atlantic region.
In the New York City metro area early Wednesday, more than a foot of rain fell in just a few hours, causing extensive flooding on Long Island.
As of 10 a.m.
This broke the previous record of 11.6 inches, set at Tannserville, New York in August of 2011 during Hurricane Irene.
The pace of the rain was extreme, as Islip picked up 5.34 inches of rain between 5 and 6 a.m.
ET, and another 4.37 inches in the following hour.
Suffolk and Nassau Counties, New York were hardest hit.
In addition to the jackpot at Islip Macarthur Airport, West Islip received 11.5 inches of rain, also in under 24 hours.
The wettest single month on record there is 14.07 inches, set in October 2005, according to weather.com.
Such rainfall amounts are typically associated with tropical storms and hurricanes in the Mid-Atlantic states.
The heavy rain band slammed Long Island this AM.
Radar showing 6-inch plus totals.
The town of Green Haven, in Anne Arundel County, Maryland, recorded 10.32 inches of rain on Tuesday.
Flooding was severe in the areas that got the heaviest rainfall, with cars covered with water at the airport parking lots, streets made impassible, and water rescues taking place along creeks and rivers.
In Long Island, the deluge hit in the early morning hours on Wednesday, snarling the morning rush hour.
The deluge narrowly missed New York City, with Brooklyn picking up a little more than an inch of rain.
WPIX-TV reported that fire crews in boats rescued drivers in the town of Nesconset.
Weather forecasters had indicated for days that heavy rainfall was likely to occur across the Midwest, Mid-Atlantic and Northeast, but pinpointing exactly where the most rain would fall remains a forecast challenge more than a few hours ahead of time.
As was the case in Detroit, the rainfall that occurred from Baltimore north to Long Island (and is ongoing in New England) is an example of the type of events that are already occurring more frequently due to manmade global warming combined with natural climate variability.
@JimCantore trying to get to my house in Holbrook, ny.
Should have taken the boat to work pic.twitter.com/zVBQtIxKZY alan krane (@Ligolfer) August 13, 2014 Since the late 1950s, the heaviest rainfall events have become more common and more intense in much of the U.S., with the highest increase 71% occurring in the Mid-Atlantic and Northeast.
Scientists have attributed this in part to manmade global warming, since the atmosphere can hold more moisture at higher temperatures, and more evaporation is also taking place.
This means that storms, from localized thunderstorms to massive hurricanes, have more energy to work with, and are able to wring out greater amounts of rain or snow in heavy bursts.
In general, more precipitation is now coming in shorter, heavier bursts compared to a few decades ago, and this is putting strain on urban infrastructure such as sewer systems that are unable to handle such sudden influxes of water.
Similar extreme rainfall and flooding events also occurred this year in Pensacola, Florida, in Boulder, Colorado last year, as well as Calgary, Canada.
The Obama administration has proposed a $1 billion climate resilience fund aimed at helping communities adapt to climate change impacts that are already occurring, including heavy precipitation events.
Studies, including the National Climate Assessment that was released in May, have found that the 1.6 degrees Fahrenheit increase in global average surface temperatures to date has already increased the odds of heavy precipitation events, heat waves, and coastal flooding in many areas.
Flooding in the US As lightning streaks across the stormy sky, motorists park in front of a washed out road in South Mountain Park as heavy rains caused flash flooding and stranded dozens of cars Aug. 12, 2014, in Phoenix.
Image: Ross D. Franklin/Associated Press Cars try to navigate a flooded road as the heavy rains pour down, sending a torrent of runoff from South Mountain across the road in South Mountain Park as severe flash flooding stranded dozens of cars and closed several roads Aug. 12, 2014, in Phoenix.
Image: Ross D. Franklin Motorists queue in floodwater on Detroit's I-75 overnight after heavy rainfall affected travel routes on August 12, 2014 in Detroit, Michigan.
Four inches of rain deluged the city in a matter of hours and caused widespread flooding.
Image: Paul Marotta/Getty Images A truck sits at the edge of a flooded section of Interstate 695 in Baltimore, Tuesday, Aug. 12, 2014, after heavy rains fell across the Mid-Atlantic region.
Image: Patrick Semansky/Associated Press Vehicles sit submerged in water along I-75 August 12, 2014 in Royal Oak, Michigan.
Image: Joshua Lott/Getty Images Firefighters cross a flooded intersection on Route 110 in Farmingdale, N.Y., on New York's Long Island, Aug. 13, 2014.
Stranded Long Island drivers have been rescued after a storm slammed Islip, N.Y., with over 12 inches of rain an entire summer's worth.
Image: Frank Eltman/Associated Press Cars are stranded along a flooded stretch of Interstate 75 in Hazel Park, Mich., Tuesday, Aug. 12, 2014.
Image: Carlos Osorio/Associated Press Residents look to a flooded section of Kensington Parkway and Beach Drive in Kensington, Md., Aug. 12, 2014.
Heavy rain has soaked much of the Mid-Atlantic region, flooding low-lying areas.
Image: Manuel Balce Ceneta/Associated Press Topics: Climate, extreme precipitation, flooding, US & World Load Comments Powered by Livefyre What's Hot More in US & World The New Stuff The Next Big Thing What's Hot The New Stuff The Next Big Thing What's Hot About UsJobsAdvertiseSubscribePrivacyTerms Mashable is a leading source for news, information and resources for the Connected Generation.
Mashable reports on the importance of digital innovation and how it empowers and inspires people around the world.
Mashable's record 34 million unique visitors worldwide and 15 million social media followers are one of the most influential and engaged online communities.
Founded in 2005, Mashable is headquartered in New York City with an office in San Francisco.
2005-2014 Mashable, Inc. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited.
All Rights Reserved.
Designed in collaboration with Code & Theory 
Cuomo Asks Feds To Consider FEMA Aid August 18, 2014 5:36 PM View Comments Related Tags: Carolyn Gusoff, flooding, Islip, Mike Xirinachs, Mona Rivera, Trish Bergin Weichbrodt TRI-STATE NEWS HEADLINES From our newsroom to your inbox weekday mornings at 9AM.
Sign UpISLIP, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) Gov.
AndrewCuomo has asked the federal government to begin considering FEMA aid for homeowners who sustained flood damage during last weekshistoric rainstorm, but first a tally is needed.
Islip officials are urging homeowners to report flood damage to the town and allow inspectors in to assess their homes.
As WCBS 880 Long Island Bureau Chief Mike Xirinachs reported, teams of housing inspectors are going door to door looking for damage.
Were concerned that people have water damage to their electrical system, said Town Councilwoman Trish Bergin Weichbrodt.
The longer that goes on, the more of a risk you face if you dont get it fixed.
Also, the mold concern.
The longer you leave it, the worse it could get.
Islip Pushing Flood Victims To Report Damage To TownMike Xirinachs reportsplaypause John Carney, the towns head of public safety, said people might not be aware of electrical damage and are at risk of having a fire.
As CBS 2s Carolyn Gusoff reported, fans are still drying out the Islip homeMelanie Lopez shares with her sister, their waterlogged possessions heaped in a pile by the curb.
We had entertainment centers, beds, the kids thank goodness they werent sleeping down here, she said.
But during the cleanup, they realized far more could be lost: their electrical outlets were submerged under water.
It was by my knees and I was in the water when I realized that it had passed the outlets, so Im lucky to be here, Stacy Guzman said.
The damage tally is still being counted after last Wednesdays record 13.5-inch rainfall, Gusoff reported.
Its very important we give a number to FEMA so we can get reimbursement,Bergin Weichbrodt said.
The town must meet a damage threshold to qualify for federal financial assistance.
A lot of these houses were not in waterfront areasand they were flooded, and they have no flood insurance, said Bergin Weichbrodt.
And thats why its so very important for us to get these figures together, get inspectors into these homes, and get a number for FEMA so that we can get some funds.
Carney said hes hoping town residents will cooperate, 1010 WINS Mona Rivera reported.
We would like to inspect as many homes as possible, but we cant do that unless the residents are willing to let us in, he said.
Suffolk County is well on its way to the $35 million threshold of public property damage thanks in part to dozens of sinkholes, Gusoff reported.
Private property damage is also adding up, including one West Islip backyard that caved into a canal.
Karen Yee Kees three cars were flooded and water gushed into her house during the storm.
She said she hadnt thought to report her damage to her town or of the electrical dangers until now.
It dried out a little bit and the lights are on, I didnt think that I should be concerned, she said.
Islip Pushing Flood Victims To Report Damage To Town1010 WINS' Mona Rivera reportsplaypause Officials so far estimate at least 400 homes suffered flood damage.
We dont know how many more houses are still out there, and thats why were urging people to please come forward, Bergin Weichbrodt said.
Town of Islip inspectors will be carrying a town badge and identification with them as they ask homeowners to check for electrical damage and black mold.
The actual cost of the repair will rest with homeowners, many of whom never saw the need for flood insurance because they live inland.
You May Also Be Interested In These Stories Officials: Man Killed In Boat Fire At Manhasset BayMarinaPolice: Man Robs 3 Women, Including Mother Pushing Stroller, In TheBronxWestchester County Now On A-List Of Hollywoods Sought-After ShootingLocationsLandlord Probed Over Claims It Forced Asian-Americans Out OfApartments View Comments blog comments powered by Disqus Listen Live!
More from CBS New York Latest News VideoWestchester County Film Office Hopes To...More Videos Latest Galleries 2 Shot Dead In Harlem Michael Brown Shooting Autopsy Michael Brown Times Square... WFAN Celeb Softball Game Summer Storm Soaks Tri-State Lauren Bacall Dead At 89 NYS Thruway Crash Actor Robin Williams Dead At...
Buy TicketsOrder Food More ChannelsBuy TicketsOrder FoodEventsContestsYour HomeDaily Deals71% off at House of Deux Follow Us Facebook Twitter Youtube Select a Live Stream News, Sports and Talk Radio Click to listen to WFAN Click to listen to 1010 WINS Click to listen to WCBS 880 Music Radio Click to listen to 92.3 AMP Radio Click to listen to 101.1 CBS-FM Click to listen to Fresh 102.7 Click to listen to CBSLocal Sports Click to listen to radio.com Click to listen to Glimmerist Advertise on our streams 
